TRAVIS-Traffic Realtime Assistant Via Internet Service	Travis is Traffic & Road safety assistance app, that assists pedestrians, drivers & passengers in realtime.
Class Diagrams for Bitbucket	Making class diagrams is a pain, so we automated it. Let Lucidchart do the hard work.
Lucidchart OnPrem for Confluence Server	Others are going cloud—we're taking our top web-based add-on to OnPrem with cutting edge functionality in Confluence
ParkKing	ParkKing helps foster culture of parking discipline among citizens and manage their bookings & violations online.
Cronforce Time Tracking for Jira	Save valuable developer time and capture time directly from Jira. Now with worklogs and smart projects.
CoTaxi	Changeant nos habitudes de déplacement pour un avenir meilleur / Changing our taxi trip habits for a better future.
Maasto-101	Off-road driver assist BOT thats helps drivers to identify potholes on street, Especially on terrain regions
Breast cancer detection	Basic model to detect breast cancer.
Indra	Indra, your personal assistant is here to help you get around safer and smoother in Indore
Stock price movement	Prediction of the probability of the movement of the stock
ChedliTaxi	ChedliTaxi is the “snap-cab” application that lets you instantly catch a taxi without having to wave your hand !
StepShot Image Editor / Annotator for Confluence	Image Editing Made Super Easy
Spark App	A Real-Time Chat App
KnowFish	What You Need to Know in the Palm of Your Hand
Curie Wireless Sensor Network	Intel Curie based WSN System for Scalable Distributed Control System in Satellites and Launch Vehicles
bl	bl
DocSynk	DocSynk. Your Healthcare. Synchronized.
SoMoClo	Connecting Social, Mobile and Cloud
FiB	Lets stop living a lie
ThermalImagingFlir	A Thermal Imaging app that helps detecting people and animals at Forest meant for forest
TrafFeed	Your personal traffic assistant helping you hop out the hurdles over the road guided by your own police department.
Cycle Control	Cycle Control allows the user to control the Lifecycle of release or program using stages, milestones and checklists
Email Notifications Digest	Group JIRA email notifications and send them as a digest at a scheduled date/time
Traffico	Traffico - Educate people by generating voice alert by using Artificial Intelligences if they breaking traffic rules
Drive Safe – It’s in your Hands!	An All-in-One App that can help you to identify shortest path using Public Transport, nearest Parking and Safety Tips
SQL Reporter for JIRA	Generate reports using SQL queries
Open Mind	A Chrome extension to combat fake news and expose readers to differing political viewpoints.
Make & Get Jobs	This app lets you find jobs around you using location based services.
Network management console panel	It is a web app that runs on any web browser and allows you to handle your Linux based DNS, Web and Mail server.
4G Traffic Transformer	Hsuehshan Tunnel Traffic Transformer-The Pioneers of 4G Technology and Big Data
Taxi Share	Efficiency taxi sharing based on geoposition, empty seats, riders networking data and artificial intelligence (AI)
Imprompt.io	Remote workers often miss out on the “watercooler” conversations that drive important decisions.
HYFY Screen Recorder	Record your screen and voice. Share instantly to JIRA and HipChat.
IssueTypeChangeReport	Sort a report according to issue type changes in all issues inside project.
My Indore Traffic App	Making commuters life easy!
ARTIK Smart Water Meter	“Water & Things Connected” ‘Save water, the smart way!’
StepShot for Confluence	Create IT documentation in minutes, not hours!
HeyTaxi	Artificial Intelligence who help you share a taxi ride
PredictiveModeling on CartoDB data	predictive algorithm implementation on the datasets.
Metropia: The Rewards of a Faster Hsuehshan Tunnel	Metropia reduces Hsuehshan Tunnel traffic by rewarding drivers for choosing smarter times, routes, and destinations.
Jarvis	Your personal fashion assistant
MuseFind Redesign Webpage	MuseFind Redesign
Call Serena Button	Call Serena with press of a button
Touch Wizards	Compete with your friends in this intense and addictive Wizard Duel game !
Unofficial Google Analytics	Wondering how your website is doing? Just ask Alexa for the page views !
Memora Health	Memora Health is a platform for automated clinical follow-up and care coaching.
Life and Interaction Through Technology (LITT)	Get Connected, Get LITT
Bear: The Classroom Bot	The next step into the future of smart classroom
Dogfight Elite VR	Multiplayer airplane combat simulator
NetDoc+	HTML Prototype for a proposed SMS enabled chat-bot and page that caters to queries related to HIV and sexual health.
Hyper	A Platform Where Sellers Find Buyers
Marauder mApp V2	A community-based & crowdmapping application that provides a virtual companion to enhance street safety.
Slapstick	Watch the best, not the rest.
060 - iTrash	encouraging recycling with smart image-recognising dustbins
Konami code	↑ ↑ ↓ ↓ ← → ← → B A ⇧ ↩
Holla!	Human have short term memory, so we always disappoint by forgetting to text. Holla! takes care of that!
Math on the go	Love using Facebook Messenger? You will love doing your calculations without leaving your lovely Facebook Messenger!
YourHealthy.City	A Healthy City is a Smart City
PlainDoc	Providing access to the technical field of medicine with an AI that streamlines the health literacy process.
abc	abc
GrocMan - An IoT based grocery management system	IoT based app to enhance human productivity by automating manual steps needed in household grocery management.
David	Improving alertness , efficiency and safety , your travel companion in Detroit
SMART WELL MONITORING SYSTEM for Villages	let wells be smart now
Exploratory Testing for JIRA	Simplify exploratory session planning, documentation, and reporting within Atlassian JIRA.
Ride Mexico	Tap in the power of collective community intelligence to determine which transport routes are better.
stratejos	A smart bot for managing software teams
Cityscope	There is no better expert than you...
IoT Fridge Saver	Reduce the consumption of refrigerators by just circulating the air in the rear.
Hootchat	Mobile social media integrated app with push notification and real time interaction with the user' contacts.
TrumpScript	Make Python great again
PowAgri	Your Dream Farming is Now in Your Power Hand
Dekh K Bhiyo	Channel for Indore residents who want to volunteer & streamline road traffic by reporting rule violation, alerts etc.
Snapse	Simple, versatile and real time health analytics
CodeCorrect	Code that fixes itself
DeepAffects	EI Analytics for Human Resources and Project Management
Ripples	Ripples is a system that encourages water conservation by combining device control policy and social reinforcement.
ExcelPost	An excel add in to invoke rest API calls from excel itself
Updated Issues Basket	Never miss an issue update on your JIRA Cloud again
U@Work	Manage Emails & Teams through your email window
My Ride - Short and Safe Trips!	Car Sharing with persons of your same university or company!
HeartCare	A real-time heart rate monitoring system
UPTEAMIST	A simple intranet platform for small and medium businesses
Blood Alcohol Meter	Blood Alcohol Meter uses a simplified Widmark formula to calculate the Blood Alcohol content promoting safe driving.
REST2DDP	Publish a live updating DDP API for any existing REST API with no coding required
TheFriendZone	Tackling stereotypes in a fun way! Plus, we keep things platonic~
ModSense	The LEGO power strip. We built it smart, modular and connected.
Study+	A productive, portable, pragmatic educational platform to interconnect students currently studying for their GCSE's.
The Night Cafe - An immersive tribute to Vincent van Gogh	What did the world look like through Van Gogh's eyes? Enter into his painting to find out.
Dawn	Discover a new horizon for research.
Red Brick	An app dedicated to facilitate instant donation of blood from the donors to patients through the hospital system.
Montreal Coin	Montreal's own cryptocurrency
VAIS - Visualized Agriculture Information System	A dynamic and responsive web app to extrapolate, crowd source, cross-reference, and visualize agricultural data sets
Wheels	The social network where members offers and demands routes to share their car, taxi services or bicycle plans.
Kanoah CRM	Kanoah CRM organizes and streamlines your sales process right inside JIRA
TeamDocs	Let your colleagues contribute by inputs and reviews so the document will be completed fast without missing anything.
BUSSI	The van sharing platform for commute. We create crowdsourced routes, to build reliable on-demand transportation.
Glare	In emergency don't blink , start glaring
Igloo Car	Taxi rides are convenient but costly. We want to give access to affordable taxi rides anywhere, anytime, to anyone.
BANANA viva Yilan	provide better driving experience by an android app
Fuji	Fuji is a fully-functional iOS web IDE that includes a fully-functional simulator.
Travel Agent Connector	A messenger chat bot to collect travel preferences over chat and send them to travel agents for customized packages.
Technical Interviewer	Simplifying the recruiting process by automating the screening levels using Alexa VUI.
Access Granted	Access Granted demystifies interview questions and provides a platform to practice and gain fluency responding.
Plant Floor Visibility	Operational Excellence through Improved Visibility
iBite	Share your recipes instantly!
Kickback	Effortless, fire-and-forget Amazon refunds when prices change
Suretify	IFTTT-like triggers for healthcare information and discharge followup
EDDI - ElectroDialysis Desalinator for Irrigation	Removing the salt effects of drought catastrophes. One ion at a time.
Spell Script	Challenge your spelling and handwriting skills
breveo	A machine learned video summarization algorithm and app
Molecula for Outlook	Group communications in Outlook made easier
APP+Website台灣雪隧疏流	We build a real time and potential software to help both residents and official to reduce and control car flow.
SafeWatch	Automatic video-feed shooter detection
CCSBusTracker	Ask Alexa if your school bus is on time !!
Mood Buddy	With Mood Buddy, you can listen to calming music from nature, exercise, write journals, and track your mood.
Gab	Help new arivals feel welcomed by residences by asking direct every day questions. Let's close the gap, start to gab.
Valencia Lunch UX	Electronic Application Transformation for the National School Lunch Program
DelveClassifier	Quickly add Delve tags to your documents you are currently working with. Never leave the flow!
Team Secrets	Team Secrets protects sensitive information in JIRA with end-to-end encryption and viewer verification
SMILEY	Bust the Stress!
Mystery of Malfaxus	A Hands Free Mobile VR Fantasy Adventure where exploration and interaction unlock the secrets of an exciting world.
TeamFlowApp	Get key information from your team - continuous information flow with only 20 seconds of playful administration
Penyusuar by  Penyu Ranger	in order to save sea ecosystem, we cant miss a single part of it. #saveTurtle
CARE	Calculated Agriculture Support & Recomendation Engine.
BX - The Scarlet Record	Embark on an emotional adventure through the wastelands as Aoi, an android in a future post-apocalyptic world
NeoS: The Universe	Experience the world we live in from tiniest elementary particles to the vast galaxy superclusters.
Yoogle	The web application that can search text on the content of video files and direct you to the portion of the video
Dataless	Access the internet, without needing the internet.
Sticky Mail	the relation between your notes and your emails is always complicated, using stickymail your note and mail become one
PicTalk	A Chrome extension that speaks the visual features of an image for blind and visually impaired web users.
HootSuite Extractor	Create HTML reports from your HootSuite search streams
The Bouncinators	If you're not on the list, you're not coming in...
Pray It Forward	Spreading happiness through prayer & community
GazePay	Moving forward to a cashless and cardless society, using face recognition for point of sale transactions
Social Strata [My Green Space]	Social Strata, the best condominium app.
Sahara	An app for the cook of every household to conveniently keep track of RSVP and plan the recipe for the next meal.
MTLMural	A Hint of Urban Romance
Criziz	share a story...report an emergency!
Pocket Med	Automedication
Planning Poker for Trello	A Power-Up you wanted so long and hard
Intelligent Birdhouse	The idea is to use the design of a birdhouse, that inside, install the Arduino 101 & SeeedStudio Grove Shield.
Shiplly	Optimizing shipping supplies by effective communication between the stakeholders
040 - Cloudpaper	A webapp for collaborative document viewing designed for students to study together effectively.
Unagi	HackNC 2016
Sharemail	Sharemail
Project Almuerzo	Simple, friendly, and responsive form to apply for free and reduced price meals.
#331 - Pong2.0	It's like Pong but better
UrbanFlow	Facilitating the donation and delivery of menstrual cups to Vancouver shelters
Hermes Managed Tire Services - an ioT enabled business	Mileage pricing for Truck Tires supported by ioT. Cents per mile, not $per tire. Increase Fleet productivity.
nofoodwasted	No Food Wasted is a platform to tackle food wastage and feed underprivileged.
beClosing	Businesses need help managing potential clients. The app manages the communication, allowing business to beClosing.
Curamobi	Delivering timely , efficient care and treatment to Parkinson's disorder patients
Trellogram	Power-up Telegram
Polytunes	A online musical collaborative experience built with meteor
Bazaar	Fly on a magic carpet through the mystical land of Bazaar, collecting exotic curios to aid your exploration.
Distributed Estimation	Convenient estimation method for teams across different time zones
EQ-WiOpen	Windows made easy!
I Laugh You	I Laugh You - feel Happy, spread Happiness
Pneuma - Pedobarographic Mapping for Neuropathy	Just breathe... your feet will be in your control again.
KnowUs	Email Analytics on Steroids: Beyond numbers and into personality traits and mood
Fetch	We automate your research
081 - Hi-Pi: Your Home Lifeguard	Your home security assistant for both elderly and young children when you're at work
Lily Pad	Help Willie & Dee save their town! Guide them through the river & collect magical fruit.
Unmute	Opportunity for mute people to use mobile phones most important feature - calling.
Lazzo	Catch the Size
ChatOps for Heroku	Take DevOps to the next level with ChatOps for Heroku and manage your applications in chat
Lecture Buddy	Frictionless realtime audience feedback
docuflow	Read people's minds as they read your documents
Trip Planner	The only skill which allows you to plan trips locally and discover the local delights in a city whenever, wherever.
Creativite	Wear your attitude
PezCaleta	Maneja tu mar (Well Manage your sea)
First Days	A Siri app like which is a guide, spoken in the person's language and is able to translate and scan docs..
Fireflies	We connect people that want food delivered with others already at nearby restaurants using the Alohar Mobile SDK
Every 5 minutes	An app that leverages Hsuehshan Tunnel and OpenXc Datasets to provide realtime traffic information every 5 minutes
Voice Job Search	Search for your dream job ... by asking Alexa
Smart Drainage Blockage Detecting System	Clean India Healthy India
Innovation	Allows teams to clearly and concisely start, configure and track innovation initiatives in your organisation.
DRIFT	DRIFT is the first bullet simulator for VR.
Presenter for Confluence	Present any Confluence page effortlessly and directly in your Browser
File Viewer for Bitbucket Cloud	Easily view your 2D and 3D models, geographic data structures, PDF and CSV files directly on Bitbucket pages
Omegabase	Omegabase provides a social platform where students can practice questions and learn from each other.
RAMEAR	We can get data out of your computer wirelessly - even if you don't want us to!
PeriodPeace	Connects women with shelters that have tampons/pads and connects donors with organizations in need.
Tweetimental	Using twitter data to understand mental illness and its cause to empower the Government to help individuals.
MLHorrors	ANOTHER Werewolf app... but different!
Mexico City Taxi	An app that lets Mexico City Users to easily Call on a Taxi, Carpool.&  check Fuel Needed by Leveraging OpenXc Data
Mx-City Carpology	Metrobus Seat Booking,Chating, Reports, Making Friends, Public and Private Carpooling has been easier than ever....
Project Save California	A smart innovative idea on encouraging people to practice kitchen gardening to save water
Scan My Cart	Une application web qui offre une expérience d'épicerie augmentée!
Imagine: VR Painting	Imagine allows users to paint in a whole new medium: virtual reality. Users can paint unconstrained with 81 colors.
Natural Network App	For curly haired girls to communicate and share tips/routines for hair care, to embrace their natural hair
Meteor Icon (icon.meteor.com)	A simple icon for Meteor packages. Done in 58 lines of JS.
AppLetic	AppLetic is a fitness-based social media webapp that allows users to post their individual progress and socialize.
Cosmos Browser	Browse the internet... without data.
What's Up Gov?	An app that places the politics of the moment in the palm of your hand
Outlook task manager	Use Outlook as the place to manage all your SharePoint and Planner tasks
Guardian Angel AI	Artificial intelligence webapp and API to enable monitoring of the elderly with automatic alerts in case of emergency
Touch	A social networking app that allows users to keep in touch with randomly selected friends
Sing Me A Dress	LED dress that turns you into the Disney Princess you are singing!
Logibot	Intelligent chatbot logistic provider that allows you to manage packages to be delivered for your customer
Brand Analysis for product Search	branding done with popularity index
AVGS (Active Vision Guiding System)	Drive with active light guide for best speed and safe distance in tunnel
NaviHome	An app provides alternative route recommendations and speed recommendation in the tunnel.
iWisps	Fast, Scalable and Portable Local Business Recommender Microservice powered by Apache Spark
Whispir Andriod App	Wishpir App is standalone application to demonstrate the API's. To test their connectivity without any support.
MiFi	MiFi relieves you from the pain of manually entering Wifi Password
TravAlarm	A free app that keeps you on track with travel alerts.
Hackathon Simulator	Like GTA, but multiplayer, located in Cambridge Corn Exchange.
HomeScan	Intelligent Home Monitor Chat Bot
ALM Task for Bamboo	Run HP ALM / Quality Center Test Sets from Bamboo and Integrate results with JIRA
Agro Companion	App that allows USA Farmers to visualized their idea crops and also allows information exchange via a social network
FisHarmony	It's not Tinder for Fish.
ship	A dating app where you can "ship" others, making you the matchmaker. What are you waiting for? Let's set sail!
Convergely	Convergely is a set of everyday tools for teams that make decisions using a communication tool like Hipchat.
PedSafety	Every pedestrian's companion
Feux Verts	La ville connectée au service  des pompiers : par le contrôle des lumières
Hootsuite for JIRA Service Desk	Open Tickets in JIRA Service Desk for Twitter and Facebook messages directly from Hootsuite
OHAI .	An end to end solution for assisting and improving the lives of homeless individuals.
Locate My Restaurant	Demographic dimension applied to Yelp Business data
Hack My Ride Milpitas	Real Time Data from Milpitas area with Beacons and Route
Captain Clark Adventures	Captain Clark Adventures is a Point & Click game where you play a captain who tries to escape from a pirates' island.
JasiRide	Providing you with easy and cost effective ride to your destination. Request ride or Join other riders to pay less.
Fing'R Mote	The power of handwriting to control your devices
wake	The alarm that actually gets you up
Task Tracker	Everything we do is driven by time. Get more out of your time with Task Tracker
Purrpurino	The new way of embracing emotions
Selfiesh	App recognizes the fish from image, informs the non-expert fisher about legality of catching the fish, records data.
Thunkfluence	Speedy search for Confluence as a browser extension
Sincerely	Machine learning based Signature Verification
094 - Dabao	Earn some money whenever you're buying your food
meteor-run	Run game with meteor for Meteor 2015 Global distributed Hackathon
UnStoppable	UnStoppable Makes JIRA Accessible for the Visually Impaired.
Twile	Turn your family tree into a rich, visual timeline of your family history to share and explore with your whole family
ColorMe	Being stylish is easy! Use ColorMe to find clothes that suit you the best.
PROFTY	A chrome extension that targets cyberbullying
ReleaseIQ	We turn product release planning into a party for the whole user community.
GPS Aware Road Profiling Using Gyroscope	Be aware while driving, the ups and downs on your roads can cause some serious problems.
PhoenixJourney	A simple endless runner representing a big metaphor and wrapped up in a beautiful environment.
Motivator	A Motivator that somehow creates quite the opposite result.
DocuSign for Confluence	Create, send, and track e-signature documents in Confluence for your fastest, easiest approvals
Project Dumpster 1.01	Picking up litter...gamified. Integration of game mechanics to encourage large scale trash collection.
monopoly-მენეჯერი	სამაგიდო ბიზნეს-თამაში
Analytic guided operations assistance	Ops on the go!
Finding	Finding is a immersive action-adventure game in a fantacy world.VR Finding, we are finding!
Tactera	A Real-Time Strategy game on a holographic tabletop battlefield.
ma taxi	"MA TAXI" : est une application qui va vous aider à trouver et à réserver un taxi facilement
eBuddy by SalmaTech	Improving the hospital experience for parents and children
Snap Spin Tap	Modified Camera for Visual Thinking & Creative Organization
PaliPalette	Vector Graphics based Drawing app for Faster and Easier Drawing!
Malitville	Connecter un tuyau à l'internet, on l'a fait.
Butler for Trello	Automate Trello in plain English.
Travel Ride Bid Bot - TRBB	Bot to bid travel rides from any corner of the city
Addicaid	Adaptive AI meets Behavioral Economics to prevent, treat, and predict addiction disorders.
Let'sCook	Learn, Cook, Share!
Athena	Athena is an app for smartphone and smartwatch. Our main goal is safety, women safety!
Taxi Driver	our application will give the citizen his location so the taxi driver will get it in the app and go to take him
TaxiGO	TaxiGO  is an application inspired from the practices of the Moroccan drivers
patentability	Patentability is a hybrid app for innovators to review their ideas on the go.
Androids Dream	Androids dream is an overview of a cyberpunk city from a flying car.
My Perfect Weather	A web service for discovery of destinations matching your expected weather conditions (and hints on how to get there)
DogLog - Track your dog's activities	Say goodbye to confusion over your dog's wellbeing.
Modified Dijkstra algorithm for optimal navigation	Modified algorithm to assign most optimal path for better navigation
P-Bot (Pregnancy Chat Bot)	A chat bot that can answer questions related to pregnancy
Team Lunchbox - School Lunch Mobile-Responsive Web App	An approachable, friendly, school lunch application that reduces stress and increases comprehension.
Silence	Experience the thrill of escaping life from death
Wayfarer	Not your Parent's Travel Recommendation System
TourUs	We crowdsource tourguides!
Nagios Jira Integration	Push Nagios Incidents in Jira & Resolve them Faster
Meteor Wars	Turn Based Strategy Game built in 24 hours
If-Found-Lost	No need to write your contact information on the things that can be lost or misplaced again.
TECHNOLUST: THOUGHT CRIMES	You are Big Brother's eyes and ears. Prevent the crime before it's committed... or pay the consequences.
OnTransit	Crowdsourced real-time transit information.
Aquareness	Aquareness is a new way to increase water awareness and monitor water consumption.
GoforCar	An eCar & bus only carpool lane in Hsuehshan tunnel
PJ - CommitCoin	A platform for rewarding open source contributors through the blockchain.
Hey Purple	Smart voice assistant for women safety
My.SnapGlass.es	Share your SnapGlass.es snapshots to help promote better eyesight through eyeglasses!
WatchTower - One board for multiple JIRAs	Consolidate issues from remote Cloud and Server JIRAs into one agile board.
Scrum Poker for JIRA	A JIRA Integrated Mobile Application for Interactive Agile Estimation and Planning
Build Meister	Trigger & get the status of your builds with your voice, without having to log into a computer!
River Game	Quiz based on questions on rivers in US
The Meteor Train	A toy train, controlled by a Raspberry Pi, running Meteor for the UI.
Overboard	An overview of the things you want to keep track of.
SSH over SMS	A way to run a bash shell through text messages
TeXscribe	With TeXscribe, writing math in LaTeX is as easy as writing it by hand.
AlexaPlays	A procedurally-generated role-playing adventure game controlled with the voice.
OrchestrAI	An improvisational AI that unleashes the creative power of an entire orchestra to music producers and artists
Faceboxx	Hacking Facebook to Provide Free Unlimited Cloud Storage
Google reCAPTCHA 'Breaker' - Powered by Clarifai	Breaking Google's reCAPTCHA using Clarifai
AI-909	Intelligent drum machine that generates new beats, powered by the HTM
SoundScribe	Taking notes has never been easier!
PurchaseMate	Save time. Save money. Save the world.
Outpour – Go Find the Beauty in People, and Tell Them	Outpour lets you easily and meaningfully express appreciation for the special people in your life :)
Limbr Reports for JIRA Cloud	Slice and dice your data with powerful custom reports, directly within JIRA - no spreadsheets required
HootChat	Project developed for the Vanhackton 2016
Spoofify	Congratulations, you played yourself!
Record	Featuring Knurld
Project LunchBox	Lunchbox — easy, intuitive, and adaptable. How the next generation of kids will apply to the school meal program.
Tandem Medical	Tandem is a software startup that will revolutionize hospital communications, with an initial focus on the ER.
Recycleme	We want you to be part in the waste recovery process
VirtualScrumMaster	Virtual Scrum Master is your project companion to make sure that your work is well managed and well organized.
LunchLine	Giving students the discounts they deserve.
conf.io	conf.io is a platform for the developers community that helps organizers to pick best talks in a CFP
მტრედი	პირველი ქართული საკომუნიკაციო აპლიკაცია.
AxiomZen - Mastermind by KrevTeam (Challenges 1 and 2)	Have fun with the multiplayer functionality!
Mission Mars 2	An action packed game with giant space penguins! This exhilarating game will get your blood boiling!
iot_correlations	Finding curious correlations between IoT sensors and different open data
YearBook	Take photos every day and share them on a calendar with your groups
Pick at School	Reduce traffic, saves time and contaminates less. Quick hand-over of kids to their parents at the end of school day
Empathy Match	Empathy Match is a platform that helps you to find someone who understands you.
Air Guitar 2 Sound Converter	Ever played air guitar and no sound came out? We got you covered. Uses phone/webcam, supports 4 instruments.
SpiceworksHelpDeskSurvey	quick survey for better Response
Customer reports for JIRA Service Desk.	Easy custom reports for JIRA Service Desk customers.
Alexa JARVIS	A modular voice controlled helmet attachment.
ThermaMatch	Innovating how medical professionals track patient nerve and muscle injuries
food4students	Website that helps families apply for free/discounted school lunch program
099 - SuperSianGoWhere	Bored? No idea where to go? We got you covered
the S.T.A.T.U.S. Train Network	A Maglev System Devoted to Energy Recycling, S.T.A.T.U.S. offers a practical and ecological solution to daily travel.
SmartLyfe	A Data-Driven HealthTech Recommender System for Smart Cities. Stay fit, healthy and safe with SmartLyfe.
LifeLong Playlist	A personal music playlist that will last forever.
Internet of Thingies (IoThingies)	Plug and Play your IoT project into a rich web UI in a flexible and easy way
Context.IO for Drupal & Maildispenser.com	Build email apps in record time without coding
Peepa	360 live streaming VR app
XLTools Suite for Excel	Indispensable Excel apps you need daily – in a single tab.
Automation for JIRA	The simple way to automate your team!
Smart FlashCards	Flashcards that do the organizing for you and that will intelligently decide when next you need to review something
AgriWave: Transforming the Agricultural and Data World	Making waves in the agricultural industry one data set at a time
V-Control	V-Control allows the player to talk and issue commands to game caracters using natural language
Scorched Battalion	Tiny tanks decimate the landscape of a wargaming table in a turn-based artillery game from the founder of Sven Co-op.
DevScout	A social network for developers.
Happious	Happious: a 21-day immersion in the science of happiness and productivity--with a little help from your friends!
Karigar App and Kiosk(کاریگر)	A helpful app for Handymen, society and government
ADWEAR	Ads for the terminal
Planet Ally: Travel Agents of Change	Informing and empowering LGBTIQ and allies about the travel choices they make.
Nimbus	Une flotte d'autobus intelligents à la demande.
Muvall	A melhor maneira de alcançar o seu destino.
HackRice2016-Menuer-Swift	With Menuer, you will never be lost in exotic restaurants (or other places) anymore.
Found	Machine Learning based People Finding
sizeOf	Precision real world measurements using just a mobile phone camera
DoubleCheck	Double check, because reverting email is expensive
Taxicabs Mobility Challenge	Taking a cab in Morocco just got faster, cheaper, and safer
Slope Ninja	Find snow reports, chain control and road conditions for ski areas in Tahoe.
Path	Better jobs for changing world: an app that guides you to a job in your new home
TinCam	A minty, cheap, discreet, cloud-connceted camera that aims to end police brutality and the dangers of walking alone.
IMVU PhotoReal	Take your avatar into the real world - pose, select Instagram filter and take pictures to post to feed!
CubeBot	Size and Speed Optimized Rubik's Cube Solving Robot
Snö By GingerPonyPatlettes	Make New Employees Integration Easy
Integrated Symbiotics - Tadpole AMAS	Automation and Monitoring System for Aquatic Agriculture (Aquaponics, Hydroponics, Aquaculture)
Pallette	A tongue-controlled wireless device empowering interaction with the world around you
Skrillex	Complete Platform for C-Level Discussions
Money Match	Tinder of borrowing and lending money. Look at the person, information and lend. Both way communication available too
SteamCrew VR	Collaborate to steer and maintain your steam submarine! Sink horrid monsters in an abyssal quest for magic Gems!
Muerteor	Muerteor is a Deadman's Switch. It sends a message for you if you don't check in for a certain period of time.
BiCity Social Cyclist Map & Alerts	BiCity is a social cyclist map for get points of interest, add reminders and send alerts to other cyclist!
asdfghjkl	Keyboard as Trackpad. It's exactly what you'd expect. asdfghjkl.
Medinfi	Pure-play healthcare content platform for taking right decisions
FriendFugees	Facilitating human connections in order to tackle social isolation and mental health problems
Road Safety	We want you to be safe!
Dragon Story !	Great interactive story with pen characters coming to life !
Project Switcher for JIRA	Fast and configurable way of navigating across all your JIRA projects
QReceipt	For Anonymous, Paperless Receipts
:emoji: and @mention support on Devpost	I just need :frog: to work!
LightSwipe	Swipe with a thinner wallet, and peace of mind.
Positivity Pack	A small pack of happiness to brighten anyone’s day
Free Feet	Improving mobility, one step at a time.
Fundação Cafu - Real Solidarity [ Axiom-Zen]	Our first goal on this challenge was to redesign the landing page for the donation campaign from Cafu Foundation.
MONA	Capture the essence of fine-art masterpieces and apply to your own photos
Brain Squared	Classify your brainwave patterns with the HTM.
Great Lakes Savior	we use IOT technology to help Fisheries and Oceans Canada solve Asian carps spawning problems in the Great Lake
027 - iTrack	To finding our beloved devices back, cheers
Mobility Map	Realtime Social Integration for Transportation Enthusiasts
Quizzes for Confluence	Create quizzes, assessments and tests in Confluence and share them with anyone by email
Acc!dont	Stop accidents before they happen with Acc!dont
LineOne	We take the hassle out of conference calling.
RoboCop	Emergency Automated Silent Caller
iFramed	A simple and affordable iFrame macro for Confluence.
Smartify	App Store and IDE for SMS-based Applications. Immediately deployable on the MS Azure cloud. Snapchat, Uber and more!
Airport Assist	A messenger chat bot to assist the traveller in the airport
Interactions	A real-time Interactive Ecosystem for HealthCare, Businesses & Educational System.
Magik Pill	A series of unfortunate events. Soy milk edition.
Image Editor	transform, move, crop, resize, text, brush, watermark,
The Land Below (Google Cardboard)	A Fantasy Adventure Game for Mobile VR
Comawake	Solve the mystery of your own mind to wake up from the coma!
TeXTFLIX	Watch Netflix in your terminal in glorious, animated, 256-color ASCII!
nusSync	Use nusmods to find breaks with friends instantly!
get[f]it	Studies show the social aspect of exercise compels us to do more than we would otherwise. Make your workout happen!
Komdo	A smart webpage for minimizing electricity costs and carbon footprint
WearShare	Share files from your smartwatch!
Smart Crops	Find the ideal crop based on irrigation cost and yield value by comparing and visualizing crop data and trends.
Polo	Polo is an asymmetrical game of cat and mouse developed for the GearVR.
Polldentify	An app that uses data modeling and machine learning to tell you where the pollution in a city comes from in 15 years
Humanoid	This app automatically calls for help when some one had any accident
Office 365 Groups SPFx	Groups component was created to connect Office Groups and SharePoint in order to get the best out of each program.
Indore Traffic Friend	Indore Traffic Friend Your Buddy Your Assistant
Bad Flamingo	Fool your computer, but not your friends! Generating adversarial "Quick, Draw" examples
youme.world	The future of experience planning. Earn money traveling and plan your trips with friends.
Tana Pura	A kinetic light sculpture
Saviour	A Real-time Geo-Tracking, PhoneCall and SMS Based Rescuing System for People in need of help
Glucose Check	A Real-time Glucose Level Management System for Diabetic Patients
Ovulation & Menstral Cycle(A Multi-Billion Dollar App)	Monitor and Record your Ovulation and Fertility Cycle in Real-Time.
Blood Pressure Monitor	Distance Traveling Guide
Breast Cancer Drainage	A Real-time Breast Cancer Drainage Management System for Cancer Patients & their CareGivers
Smart Life Jacket	Smart life jacket, A life saver in distress
Name that Animal	Can you identify the sounds of animals? Do you know animals from all over the world? Learn a range of animal sounds.
planet.AR.y	An immersive augmented reality experience paired with Alexa to engage and teach kids about our solar system!
best ethereum wallet ever	a secure local Ethereum wallet with hardware wallet support in Brave
Reader for Confluence	Tired of reading long texts in your company Wiki? Just use the new reading mode for Confluence!
ARK (Archery Record Keeper)	An efficient, digital way to score Archery tournaments.
Mobievent	A universal indoor positioning platform that can be curated and customized to enhance your experience at school.
PointShop.Space - Point to shop and discover companies	Snap real products to find out more about its parent company from CrunchBase or buy it!
OpenDoor	Breaking cultural barriers preventing women from learning English through social cooking demos and image technology.
ReMap	ReMap is a dynamic, interactive map with the ability to distribute and express real-time subway information
BaymaxBuddies	Pairable teddy bears that let you hug someone from anywhere in the world.
Android for All	Run Android on your iPhone, instantly.
Hospital Adventure	Reinvent a child's and parents' hospital experience by making the whole process transparent and fun!
FLYDOC	No fuss document share - Easiest way to send/receive documents on the go - So simple even a kid can use
Liveview	A standalone Youtube player which allows you to see comments depending on what time you are at in the video.
School Lunch UX	Providing a web application with a better user experience for the audience; that's easy and effective!
Project Oliver	gravitytank reinvented the F&RL form to bring confidence, guidance, and reassurance to families completing it.
Comala Approvals for Confluence Cloud	Reviews and Approvals for your Confluence Cloud documents
Intelligent Medicine Dispensary System	Remind the patient to take medicine
Meggie	A smart assistant for current / potential McGill student who lost all hopes!
Lexus	Chatbot that will make your life at home easy
Flight Monitoring System	A tool for automatic information extraction from different sources and showing its influence on all flights
Plugin generator from Atlassian Connect to JIRA Server	plugin, add-on, generator, jira server, jira cloud, atlassian connect
ac-unsubscribr	An easy and quick way to unsubscribe from annoying newsletters.
FireNode - Wardriving as a Service	A real time localization platform that provides high resolution population density maps of network infrastructures
Castle VRuin	Photogrammetry based VR Sightseeing Experience.
Crashland Reborn	You have Crash-landed on a hostile alien planet. Can you survive until rescue arrives?
Kind	Want to be happy? Be kind.
EmergencyChain	Decentralized first responder network and secure emergency medical data delivery system
Ronald McDonald Mobile Care Unit Mobile App	A better mobile experience for finding when and where a Ronald McDonald Mobile Care unit will be near you.
Axiom Zen - AxiomMind - Challenge 1, 2, and 3.	MasterMind implementation of Challenges One, Two and Three for Axiom Zen.
AskMeteor	Crowdsourcing answers to questions one. piece. at. a. time.
008 - Skinalytics	Identifying skin diseases with deep learning
TripGo in Mexico City	Planning your ride through the city is a whole lot easier with TripGo!
VIRTUAL HANDS: VirtPaint	VIRTUAL HANDS: VirtPaint will give you the opportunity to draw without hands. You only need head movements.
NECO	Survivor finding system for people/animals.
No internet, but find me!	My idea is for searching survivors who can't connect to the internet during a disaster.
ECG + HTM	ECG Anomaly Detection System using HTM
Aux	Let everyone have a chance on the Aux cord.
Relations for JIRA	Introducing companies and contacts to JIRA
BY - Data Transmission using Whatsapp	Out with biased Internet, in with Web in Whatsapp Web
CS - Smart Water Bottle + App	Ever been tired, thirsty and found it hard to pee? Here is a solution that is easy. The Smart Water Bottle.
Airena	A game where you write & edit AI code on the fly to fight in the arena!
Distance Calculator	A Distance Travels Guide
HomeBase_WeatherAlert	Daily alerts on your hardware
Test Management for JIRA Cloud	Bringing Adaptavist Test Management to JIRA Cloud
Biometric 2-Factor Security - "BioAuth" (MongoDB)	String passwords suck. Biometrics are safer and faster. Dead simple Authentication.
Procedural Music Generator	Autonomously generates music based on user-data, statistics, music theory and randomness.
Profiler	Gas cost profiling for Solidity Smart Contracts
ContactNow for Jira Service Desk (Beta)	Make and receive calls without leaving a ticket with a seamless contact center integration for Jira Service Desk.
PETMON	A Smart Dog Collar that tracks your pet's location, health and activities
Follow the White Rabbit a VR Mystery	A VR Mystery Adventure™ Where Magic is Real and Nothing is as it Appears.
Rally	Rally: Easy events, none of the hassle.
Eva- Optimizing Evaporation Prevention Strategies	Eva is an autonomous floating IoT hydrometeorology lab, she maps evaporation rates of rivers and canals worldwide.
autocolorization	We colorized Jean-Luc Godard's Breathless (1960) using deep learning
PhaseShift	A mind-bending cinematic platformer with dimension-altering puzzle mechanics and innovative VR gameplay
Amplify	A sound system in your pocket
AirBnBro	The bro that will help you find your next AirBnB!
slackit	slackin in meteor (A little server that enables public access to a Slack server)
Image Annotator for JIRA	Annotate image attachments and screenshots directly in your JIRA issue.
SNS Payments	Swipelessly tap and pay at any credit card terminal - no NFC required! #flux #electromagnets #shouldhavetakenphysics
Smarter Bike Light	A reverse engineering bike light that can be controlled with a microcontroller
AWS Cost Manager	Manage AWS costs by tracking CloudWatch metrics in Jira Cloud
Agile Estimate for JIRA	Visualize, speed up and improve your sprint estimates
Evade - Android/iOS Game	Test your endurance in this new fast paced infinite runner - an addictively satisfying game
Kitty Crates	Booster Packs for ERC721 tokens: buy, sell, and trade sets of non-fungible tokens
PocketDoc	Pocketdoc is a mobile app which uses machine learning to advise cures to people with common recognizable symptoms
Butlr	Butlr helps simply manage day to day tasks.
Messenger LaTeX	Chrome extension to render LaTeX in Facebook Messenger with a live preview using the MathJax Javascript library.
Athelas	Blood imaging and analysis from your smartphone. Automated, cheap disease diagnostics + cell-counts within seconds.
Word to Markdown	Convert Word documents to Markdown format on the fly
BizDev Meeting	A cooperative team-building game that promotes synergy between parties of 2 to 10 players in the same room.
Wendy	A comfortable VR adventure where you have fun exploring and interacting with a magical setting
SMS Racing	A game about the thrill of texting and driving.
Pulsar Arena	Pulsar Arena is a rhythm based tournament in space.
Taz	Your notification storm is over
A11_D-SIGN	D-SiGN is a Weareable ASL to speech.
VR Coaster	Experience a stunning Mobile VR roller coaster ride!
sudo	A content summariser , video searching and phone broadcast tool along with cross platform chat and video calling.
Neural Style in TensorFlow	Render photos in the style of any artist! An implementation of "A Neural Algorithm of Artistic Style" in TensorFlow.
CoTaxiApp	CoTaxiApp enable people in Rabat and Casablanca who are traveling in the same direction to share a taxi easily
037a - Order Management System	Prepares restaurants for the new era by replacing waiters with a intelligent service to manage everything
The @UPenn Xperience	Explore the Campus and Beyond!
Splash	Messaging protocol over a bluetooth mesh network.
rezyourtown	Changing the way you reserve sports fields and community rooms in your city
ElderVision	ElderVision is a system that will alert your family if your elder falls.
DV - Ideate with the Brail	Why can't the visually disabled have fun too?
Propagate	procedural, persistant, interactive shared state virtual coral reef, in your browser
Colosse: A Story in Virtual Reality	Colosse: A story of colossal proportions: adventures in immersive and innovative Virtual Storytelling
GramConnect	Making internet available to people with no internet connection.
Real Estate	A conversational search for real estate listings in your area
Relay	All your accounts, just a touch away.
Angels of Khan	Proofreading by voice - Expanding the circle of users contributing to Khan Academy content validation
XCalibur	the microSD in the stone.
Cotraveler	Catch the cheapest flight fare with instant alerts in messenger
ReMUMber	Do you forget to text your Mum while you're travelling? Automatically send texts based on your location!
Stop calling me pls	Get an annoying call? Transfer them to Stewie.
Harvest	Understand every acre in minutes using aerial infrared photography.
Likemind	Connect with like minded people nearby
Summer Jam landing page	an excellent landing page for an excellent series of hackathons
Daydream Blue	A game about you, a pet robot, and a campsite by the lake.
InCELL VR	education, expirience, game, bilogy, cell, nival, inmind
BulldozAIR - FLIR	Collaborative mobile app for construction professionals, home inspectors, maintenance companies, real estate owners
HosAppointmentSys	Hospital Appointment System
AI Sensei	Language learning using artificial intelligence
Wheel O Hackathons	Spin the wheel to find great online hackathons!
097 - Wellness	A wellness suite that assesses patients with anxiety disorders and transmits data to therapists
Suju - suju.online	On demand self-driving buses using multi-parameter route optimizing aimed to help event and public transportation.
Zut	One heck of a shot
De Mobo Classroom	one click solution to present, record, transcribe and share presentations and lessons.
Ice Breaker	Your face is your visit card!
XL Clipboard	XL Clipboard is the easiest way to share your event spreadsheets (i.e. guest lists, members, etc).
Zero Click Bitcoin Micropayments	Easiest way to send and receive micro payments on the web
PreGear	Presentation Assistant for Gear2 and GearS
Type Diagram	Diagraming in seconds in MS office
Witness	Panic Button for the Smartphone Age
commUnity	An android app facilitating projects for the community, by the community.
UniConcierge	Private Wealth, real-time, in your pocket
Fortum Green Journey	A mobile 'green' assistant to help customer develop awareness and confidence on energy consumption using gamification
KidsChallengeHackathon - Historia	Amazon Alexa Skills challenge: Kids
SCTS - Supply Chain Tracking System	Supply Chain Tracking System in the Ethereum Blockchain
Gradebook	Gradebook is a scalable, cross-platform information learning system analytics platform for high school students.
Real Time Lead Detector for Water Supply	Inspired by the Flint Michigan Water Crisis, a cheap and continuous Arduino lead detector that can be accessed online
Benefitsy	A simple way to learn about the health benefits of fruits, vegetables, and herbs.
Better at git	Git knows better – @midu
LearningLock	Android lockscreen equipped with neural network which learns your tendencies to protect your phone from intruders.
PureWater 16	"Water from air to fight California's drought"
Enviro	Report environmental issues , hold events and chat with fellow users in your vicinity
Taxis Maroc	You need a cab !! find it instantly
DonIT	Empowering Welfare
Medifact	Analyzing and Viewing Untoward Occurrences of Combined Drugs
LitMit	LED pressure-sensing gloves enhance the fan experience and improve the atmosphere,making everyone able to Lit the Day
MIDIOCRE	Unique computer generated music, free for everyone.
024 - JoinLah	Host or Join local activities around you in real time, and discover new activities!
Hackathon Table Numbers	Assign and distribute hackathon table numbers for your expo
co|wear	Co|wear is collaborative fashion - a win-win for everyone from customers to the companies involved.
Dylan Home Automation	Dylan is an home automation system operated with voice command from your mobile phone to control your entire house.
EXIT	We enable users to take the right exit in their Subway/MRT/MTR/TUBE stations to get to their destinations faster
Instant Websites for Confluence	Collaborate on Confluence then publish to super fast Amazon AWS for public access and pretty URLs
Peasy	Payment in a blink
HTM for Adelaide Arterial Traffic Flow	Using HTM algorithms from NuPIC to perform automated incident detection Adelaide arterial traffic flows
Tilt-VR	Tilt VR is a puzzle game where your hands are the controller, made for the Oculus Rift with LeapMotion in Unity.
VacciDENT	Your family wants you to be safe, so do we!
Wae FindAR	Using revolutionary AR technology and with the help of Knuckles, never get lost again!
Office Floor Plan Navigator	Find and Display Office 365 profiles on an interactive floor plan map.
nQuery: Q/A for JIRA	Ask any question about your JIRA issues. Quickest way to generate reports,gantt charts,graphs.
Picast	A photo sharing website that uses whenhub to organize albums. A platform to preserve and share your photos and albums
Dot Menu for Confluence	Access administrative pages in Confluence from anywhere by typing '.' and the action name
Cash Pay Today for Access Corrections	Send money to inmates to buy snacks, mp3's, make phone calls and more...
Wayflow	All of your answers in one place
Raw Manga Translator (3A)	Sick of waiting for manga with translated text to come out?Well, you've come to a right place!
HereNow	Send out text notifications when you arrive at your destination.
Meteor Pulse	Meteor Pulse - Heart Rate Tracker
SMSiri	Making "dumb phones" smarter through natural language question answering.
FluxDuck	Where to work? FluxDuck analyzes company reputations in the news media to help find an employer worth working for.
Cobalt Haze	CobaltHaze Anti-gravityFightingVehicle, combat VR game
Printing Your Name Like A Pro!	Cognitive based Android app that teaches children (K-7), with low-incidence diagnoses, how to print their name
Interpreter Central	Marketplace for refugees & interpreters.
QuickTry	A chrome plugin for editing and running stack overflow code snippets in the browser
SmartCab	An all-in-one app for Moroccan taxis.
Devpost Notification Center	It's about time Devpost gets its own little red number
Speech Center	Public speaking virtual trainer
Node Clowning Around	Helping monitor the growing clown epidemic by tracking sightings in GM vehicles
smartNebula	Une application qui calcule l'empreinte de carbone de votre véhicule.
Star Song	A collaborative music editing tool inspired by "Garage Band" and build with MeteorJS
CloviMed	CloviMed boosts diabetic patients' self-efficacy in managing diabetes, preventing complications and containing costs.
ATAD	Air traffic anomaly detector
RunnerBeat	Let's run together
AI Barney	Artificial Intelligence that helps people to get know each other with adaptive tips during conversation
Workflows Searcher for JIRA	Identify at a glance were add-ons are adding workflow conditions, validators and post functions
Visage	Your face as a password!
Bundle	Easily share collection of stories and ideas that matters to you and influences others
PROS - Process Reconfiguration Optimization Simulator	PROS is a 3D virtural WiP reconfiguration and optimization simulator integrated with Efficiency Analyzer information.
SprachBox	Skill to access the voice mail system of Deutsche Telekom (Germany landline).
Draw Anything	Using Fourier Series to automatically generate step-by-step drawing guides
Kinetica	Kinetica is an IoT device that creates a cost effective channel of communication for motor neurone disease patients.
Found in Translation	Automate dubbing of Khan Academy videos
Neuralgia VR	Co-op cyberpunk game, the Operator guides the Runner in the simulated mind of a host to get the data and get out.
Hold my drink	Why pour your own drinks when you can have a robot do it for you?
hackarduino	Simple home automation project which allows control over physical hardware devices. Light and Powerful. For age: 15+
Pixel Kanvas	Pixel Kanvas empowers creativity, exploration and collaboration with a simple grid
NYSEVisualizer	A VR representation of the New York Stock Exchange.
Audio Arena	player versus music
Black Mamba Rescue Beacon	The simplest rescue beacon for the iPhone
GameOpener	Interactive Gaming
SaveWatts	SaveWatts Lets You Make Energy-Smart Decisions When Buying Appliances; Light on the Pocket,  Light on the Socket.
HappyHour	Don't lose track of the night.
ECONDITIONER	We want to save water in California and built a smart air conditioning system that produces water.
Axiom Zen - God's Eye Landing Page	A responsive, beautiful landing page for your NGO
Stranded in the Expanse	Stranded in the Expanse is a sci-fi game that encourages fitness. You earn energy credits in the game by exercising!
I ♥ Devpost	10 reasons why Devpost is awesome. Number 5 made me cry.
visionOS	An innovational publishing platform for interactive ads and apps
026 - Table For 4	An application to meet new people through a simple meal
SDAAS - Self-Driving As A Service	Bringing the power of self-driving cars to the cloud.
nextub	Nextub is the context-aware mobile application that helps you uncover local cafes, bars,pubs and rewards your loyalty
Story Quality Add-On for JIRA	"It's time to get your story straight!" — Calculated quality rating for user stories
Kenko	Snap a photo of any food and receive health insights
SpitBars	Rap Battle Analysis Software
Travel Buddy	don't be a tourist, be local
TSOLife	TSOLife is a online platform that allows users to record a digital legacy to leave behind for future generations
WelcomeD	We are glad you are here.
Viate	VR simulation to help alleviate panic attacks
UCyber Hotspot Sniper	Locating a remote access point on the campus green
BW - Optical Localisation Plus Robotics	Cheap and Simple Indoor Localisation for Collaborative Robotics
Rollout! Instant Trash Schedule Recycling Reminder App	Never miss a trash day!
Picturize - Auto Note Taker	Cliffnotes for Anything
WhatsBot	The first AI personal assistant for your whatsapp
Alexa-powered Beer Robot.	Use Alexa to get a beer from the robot. The bartender sees the command from Alexa and loads the robot.
CardLink	Easily group and identify relationships to optimise your planning process.
Signbot	The robot that translates your voice to physical sign language.
SourceFetch	Crowd-sourced code generator for Sublime Text. Convert ideas into code!
Cafecito	When learning programming languages, language should not be a barrier.
SolarHero	Solar community for heroes
Numbers And Letters Game iOS	The numbers and letters puzzles game
Elements	An Amazon Alexa skill to learn all about Elements, like mass and symbols. Extremely helpful for high school students.
Weather Station	Weather Station to get optimize, stable, real time and true data.
UnicornLabs	Mother of APIs
Baby Safe	Baby Safe is a babycare assistant that monitors your baby's health and prevents accidents
Guns N' Dragons (no download!)	explore, fight, burn - retro dungeon crawler
Codex: The Warrior	Stunning 1v1 combat, optimized for play on Gear VR.
Dharma Life	Moving boundaries for a happier life
Medyear for NYP Pediatric Oncology	Elevating the hospital visit experience for staff, patients and families.
H.O.M.E - Homeless Observation and Mapping Engine 2.0	Native mobile application that allows homeless organizations the ability to collect and store homeless data
Foot in the Door	Connecting skilled migrants with mentors from their communities to help them find relevant jobs
FourPly	Find and rate nearby bathrooms and draw (virtual) graffiti
ColorWars	Online PVP "flood it" game clone with an option to play with AI.
Shopify - Mapify	Feel free to try our app with your own shop.
BBTV - Meal Nutrition API - Team GoCanada	We developed an API to store recipes and its ingredients, and show the related nutrition info
MobileLeagueHacking	A centralized mobile hackathon application for attendees and organizers.
Automatic Ticketing System	Automated ticketing system for building maintenance professionals using sensor data to automatically create tickets
lockstep.net	Meteor app lockstep.net - focus with fellow locksteppers
Charity-Fundraising	CharityCroudFunding and Projectmanagement App, keeping the donators up to date about the projectstates
SMS Chat Messenger	An app that allows Sending and Sharing of Sms Text Messages and Media Files powered by Whispir.Io
KinesicMouse	Nextgen hands-free computer access with 50+ input signals
Android Atelier Lunch In	What does that lunch really cost?
Slack for Healthcare Teams	LucidAct is the first task management and productivity tool for Healthcare Teams powered by process intelligence
Semantic Anomaly Detection	Monitors Twitter feeds of presidential candidates and detects semantic anomalies
The Endless Weather	What can you learn from your local climate? Where else and when else in the US is very similar to your favorite day?
Underground Map	The world as we don't see it.
Sorc'd for Office- Insert your research with one click	We all have ways to save information but, recall sucks.  Add snippets of relevant content you found online in a click
NoQ	Skip the line and save your time. Contributing lands you more than a dime
DL- Ocean's 9000	Come join us to see the world's most secure crypto bank
AR Watch	An augmented reality wearable with Google Cardboard and Vuforia
reVIVE	A more efficient ADHD diagnostic and treatment mechanism using VR
Ask A Code Queen	There are no stupid questions.
WannaDrink	Look for people to drink with near you
Unofficial Devpost API	The unofficial part means I probably won't fix it when it breaks.
Billiard Ball Tracking	Our project tracks billiard balls and projects a picture highlighting the balls and their movements on a table.
HandyLight	We are reinventing the light interface. Now your hand is Deluminator!
TrashCam	Garbage sorting and tracking system using Neural Nets and Object Recognition
TutorMe	Connect students with tutors the moment they need help.
Telescopic	Telescopic is a cross between a telescope simulator and a planetarium that aims to make learning the night sky fun!
Project Forbidden Marriage	Building a real time analytics platform for the masses
Retropolys	Go back to the golden age of n64 being the owner of everything!
Singularity	You don't have to know music to write it down~
Farmed	Harness the power of data to feed the world
Air Disaster VR (Google Cardboard)	Can you prevent the catastrophes at the airport?
FishUp	A social tracking and recording fishing app for fishermen and officials
lovedotjs	Everyone codes in their own language of love. Find your match with love.js
MyIssues	A web application that modernizes politics and makes it accessible to the new generation !
Gun Loc	An IoT solution to complete home gun control that gives firearm-owners peace-of-mind.
VolunteerMeNow	An Amazon Alexa Skill connected to a mobile app that personally itemizes and records community service opportunities.
Pelorus	A planning tool that helps reaching goals in a way of successive
CANDRA	Modern Community Management System
eform	one application form
Confucius	Confucius offers a revolutionary way for people to obtain information, giving users so much more than just news.
CloudSonar	Let CloudSonar find an event you should watch
Foo Blox	Programming so easy, a toddler could do it. Going back to the basics - literally building blocks - of code.
Personal Portfolio	An excuse to play with Illustrator
Web Sanitizer	For things that you can't unsee
Mercury Life Saver	When you are on road, your loved ones are waiting for you at home
Email2SharePoint	Enhance productivity with iGlobe E2S – e-mail2SharePoint Add-In for Outlook
BZ - Secure Online Sharing	Securely save and share files through distributed secret sharing
DD - tLaundry	tShirts taken to the nextTier();
Telehope	connecting sponsors to child
AirlineSeatVisualizer	A cool way to visualize your next flight
HoloBots	It's like Alexa, but in AR
iTrainer365	iTrainer365 is educational chat-bot for studing Microsoft Office 365
Live Web Chat for Microsoft Teams	Live customer support chat control for your web sites, that uses Microsoft Teams as the backend admin interface
Jump and Solve (J&S)	Jump and Solve is a simple runner game with Maths.
TruClinic	Delivering the tools and data healthcare providers need across all care settings and into the home
25 Headlines	Write 25 headlines / tweets / subject lines to find "the one." Inspired by Upworthy.
Forcebot for Cisco Spark: A Spark bot for Salesforce	Work with Salesforce without leaving Cisco Spark
Brian Koles Memorial Sandwich Cart	Commemorating one of the best hack day projects of all time
projectNSA	panopticon realtime twitter viewer.
Driverless Arduino 101 Rover	A demonstration of vehicle to vehicle communication technology and active collision avoidance.
On Time Apps	Let's be On Time in a fun way!
Guru	A mobile app that utilizes live streaming technology to bring students high-class education in an effective manner
Formula Editor	Integrate editor capabilities to Excel. Write your formulas in a fully-fledged code editor instead of a single line!
Evacuation SMS sender	Help citizens evacuate in disaster by sending SMS including Evacuation Map + Help Desk Number for any mobile types
Charts & Reports for Service Desk	Easily create custom charts & reports across JIRA Service Desk projects and start sharing reports with Stakeholders
The Queen's Speech	The ultimate public speaking virtual reality experience
Smart clothes	machine learning
cart++	not your mother's grocery cart (autonomous)
Sense Temp	A simple beginner hack that utilizes a temperature sensor to upload data to the web
FreeFallVR	Free fall simulator
Colossus	An Enhanced IoT Dashboard Device to Monitor Things That Are Important To You
Interactive Word Documents	Add stunning video in word documents
HearMe	A social application where you can post news or any message and will be viewed in the map by people that is close.
A Puppet's Heartstring	A Folktale Told in a Virtual Puppet Theater
BroadbandTV: Yelp Video Augmenter – The Yelp's Recipes	Bring your favorite restaurant to your kitchen
Knowledge Graph with HTMs	Intelligent bots powered by a knowledge graph built with HTMs
Save me, Hades!	The dam at the River Styx is broken! It's up to Hades to save all the Dead by… ahm… guiding them to their destiny!
Dry Driver	Webapp so drivers can navigate around floods
G O A L S	G O A L S is a wearable light that attaches to any piece of clothing the athlete desires
Apnea	An underwater stealth game that takes inmersiveness in VR to a deeper level
NoInk	Hassle free, pain free & paper free receipt solution. We eliminate the need of paper receipts in stores!
Color Tracking CAD Viewer	Use color tracking to rotate 3D models in your browser
EyePhone	Never lets an infected eye fly uncaught
MileHighApocalypse.github.io	We used Mapquest API to create a zombie apocalypse game based on a general concept of the board game Risk.
R U Talking 2 Me?	Sends a message to your slackbot whenever you're mentioned in github and trello.
Schnauze	Location based audio
WhatSnap?	Gamify Selfies with this fun game
Dependency Viewer	Makes it easy to identify potential problems and  take decisions.
ezTouch	Lock and unlock your computer from anywhere with the touch of a finger.
eCitizen	the concientious citizen
Online Planning System	Synchronize your external planning tool to Office 365 which gives your users an overview and Office integration.
LunchUXChallenge	Rails App for E.A.T School Lunch UX Challenge hosted by USDA
Rush and Save	Using IoT and Cloud data for Rescue
Crime rate Vs Socioeconomic indicators - An analysis	Stay Safe, Live Better!!!
Dank Meme Generator	Generate the dankest memes, complete with images and text, with our machine-learned meme model
iGlobe CRM App for Microsoft Teams	Give your team built-in access to customer CRM data where they need it, right in Microsoft Teams.
Front Desk	Front Desk: the Meeting, Security, and Streamlined Productivity Solution
Smart Fridge	A Smart Fridge that uses Computer Vision to log in food, keeps user updated by SMS, and provide recommendations.
Hackathon Submission Flow	A better way to submit your hackathon projects on Devpost
To-Do Bot for HipChat	A to-do list inside your HipChat room.
StatusPage for JIRA Service Desk	Integrate StatusPage.io into JIRA Service Desk to get less support issues and improve your support quality
Notus	Quick notes w/ HTML and Markdown
Informant	sentiment analysis + contextual assistance + computer vision + packed through youtube videos
Emotcha	A captcha alternative, based on our most human qualities, emotion
NC.js	Machining on the Cloud with StepNC Data and MTConnect Data
HackerCard	Embeddable hacker cards using the Unofficial Devpost API
Undercover	Undercover lets you record videos in the background of Gear2
Devpost Feed	Feed the Feed!
Canned Responses for JIRA Cloud	Reuse contextual responses to common issues in JIRA and JIRA Service Desk. Share responses within your team.
NEATVIBEwear	NEATVIBEwear is a personal real-time noise exposure monitoring and logging device
Turnstyle	keeping score at every door
Braille Printer	A quick, affordable method to print braille.
MCROCR	Scan My Coke Rewards codes with your smartphone.
Nugget Man: Revenge of the Crispy Bois	Steamy Hot Chicken Nugget on vegetable action in 2D!
beatObox	The ultimate gesture based music controller for Gear 2 !
Thinq	Thinq lets you access data from the web - but without the web.
FeedMe	happy finding food
TaxiDaba	TaxiDaba (or Taxi now ! in english) is an Android application to match Passengers and Taxi Cabs in Morocco
Just Out For a Rift	Make cardio workouts more entertaining with virtual reality.
Pear	Pear - Personal teaching assistant for kids - Addicting and engaging fun Math practice questions.
RunMate	A tinder for hobby joggers
WeVoo.com	Live Streaming Mobile App
DailyBites	Record daily life's achievements, happy moments and issues and set reminders for meditation.
CropNext: Real Time Monitoring Of Crop Health	Helping farmers grow more!
DataWave	Internet through FM Radio
LucidLab5	Immersive visualizer designed to respond to all types of music and play tracks straight from the users library! #LL5
PickMe	PickMe is a personal AI that helps you quickly find the best places around.
Meme Stock Market	Be hip, get those dank and fresh memes, straight from the net.
Repos have feelings too	Have you ever wondered whether your repository is feeling sad, angry or joyful?
Small	Small: A stealth & exploration game in VR inspired by the borrowers, wind waker and metroid.
Project SAOUI	Menu system from SAO in the anime Sword Art Online
[VR Game] Antilucid	A Virtual Reality Game Exploring The Psychological Aspects Of Virtual Reality Gaming
MyBestProfiler - MyBestHelper Challenge	MyBestProfiler was made to trace your profile. Answer simple questions and will give you an overview of your profile.
MagicDesktop	webcam,twitterfeed,youtubevideos,desktop
Kindex™	Index Your History: Create a searchable archive that brings your family's handwritten records out of obscurity.
Steez	Get the best of your promotional inbox without checking your email
ToneBot	A bot which analyzes the tone of the chat messages
Overhear	Seamlessly listen to music with someone else over the web.
Wake cup!	Get to know how much coffee you need to face the day
OfficeOn	An ecosystem allowing for super-efficient building maintenance and encouraging quick issue reporting.
EchoMania	Play (Game) , Control (IOT) and Query(MapQuest) with Alexa
EduPod.club - Vulcan Learning for Humans	Vulcan Learning for Humans - An Exclusive Personal Learning Club
pub-crawl-planner	A route generator for multi-team pub crawls with built-in conflict avoidance
Meteorthings	Meteorthings - Make home automation easy.
slackUber	Command directly an Uber in your Slack's room. Global Meteor Hackathon 2015
InnovoxVR	InnovoxVR is a compelling interactive music/art experience inside virtual reality.
Vita	Revolutionary mobility app
FifthSense	Opening up smart devices to the visually impaired
Draw & Dial	Draw for safer dialing while driving
Honeybee	An iOS and Pebble app to help keep you on track
Office Insights	Our App Office Insights enables employees to schedule meeting rooms based on their availability using Voice Commands.
geoLingual	Learn relevant conversational phrases in another language on the go!
Walking Buddy	Matches users with walking buddies for a safer alternative of walking at night or as way to meet new people.
Axiom Zen - Challenge 1 and 2	This is a Mastermind Game implementation
WatchMe	WatchMe is an iOS application designed to keep you and your friends in safe on the go.
MedBot	An interactive Chat bot to diagnose medical conditions
Cryptocause	Work together with others to mine bitcoin in browser and donate to charities. Cryptocurrency used for a good cause.
See Say	A classic childern's toy reinvented in skill form.
iGlobe CRM Office 365	A simple plug&play CRM for small companies that are using Office 365
iGlobe Outlook Add-in for iGlobe CRM Office 365	Bringing iGlobe CRM to the user in Outlook
Beat The Opponent	Beat your opponents or learn from them, both way you win.
Is There Any Danger?	Platform that displays live streaming videos of dangerous events made by citizens.
AggieEye	Enhancing physical spaces with Augmented Reality technology to promote social inclusion and collaborative environment
Sync Youtube on High	Youtube on all nearby devices, IN SYNC
Bob's Ramen	Have you ever been starving after classes? Bob's Ramen can remotely pre-prepare ramen with a tap of a phone.
Medical Assistant	Feel the power of Alexa with a symptom Diagnosis Engine that actually gives your medical condition based on symptoms
Meekan scheduling assistant robot	Just ask for a meeting in plain English, and let Meekan match everyone's calendars for the optimal time
Lyfe	Lyfe provides a new way for users to find videos by showing how their friends reacted to the video in real time.
Hangr - Good Friends in Seconds	Hangr is an app to connect people with similar hobby, schedule and place to do activities like sports, travel and art
Hot Beef	Tinder for food. Lonely, steamy beef looking for some hot buns? There is now an app for that.
MotiFun	Get motivated and have fun while working on Trello
1200.aero	A platform for General Aviation safety
Submission instructions	How to enter a hackathon submission on Devpost
Baby SmartGate	A smart baby gate that alerts you when you accidently leave it open!
Out for Justice: A decision support system for police departments	#OutForJustice predicts where  911 calls are likely to come from and helps set police locations to respond fast.
Noisy or Nice	Networked Sound Meters, noise levels in apartments, alerting the noisiest offenders. Exposing the noisiest cities.
Talkies: Download the APK and check it out!	If you like movies, you are going to love this app!
Artisell - Indian culture revisited	INSANELY INTUITIVE two-way marketplace for buying and selling of handicrafts & goods. Artisan Awareness is the aim.
Gitimd app = Get Teamed Up	Submit Ideas for a Team of People to work on. Find Teams to Join. Find the right partners and the right focus.
Blind Swordsman	You are a blind swordsman. You can't move. 3 men enter, listen carefully...
Sandy's Farmers' Market	An app that eases searching for markets; opens communication between organizers, vendors, & patrons; helps advertise
HackerBuddy	The avid hackathon-er's best friend!
Enclosure: The Beautiful and Addicting Board Game	Play it yourself!! You'll fell it as playful and challenging as Chess.
MoTo.Host	With Mobile Tour Host, take control over learning more about your city and surroundings today!
Pinboard	For things that don't fill blog posts, but are worth remembering
Salesforce & JIRA Cloud Connector	Integrate Salesforce and JIRA Cloud seamlessly
Axiom Zen // Design Challenge // Thais Civita	A fun, colorful landing page to inspire people to adopt a pet and have a happier life =)
Fun Puzzle	Fun and Simple
075 - ChefMaker	Woried about todays Dinner? Just capture a snap of your fridge with our ChefMaker, it will make you an awesome dinner
Collab.Club	Talk to the worlds experts without leaving your own Slack team
Digital Aperture	HealthTech
PENIS MEDIA (facebook blocker)	You've been captcha'd
studyfight	vocabulary game
The Captain took your Ducky	Keep your rubber ducky safe in this hexagon world puzzle game
v-snitch	A Secret Agent, Monitoring your Mailboxes (inbox & sent) for security threats, Alerting you via text message.
PlayAnywhere	Send a video, song, picture, or file to a friend and have them watch instantly!
Automate the Atlassian from Command Line (ACL)	Automate tasks that you can not otherwise
Elements	Join Aang and Korra: control all the elements in VR and become a master fire, water, earth, or air bender!
iTrash	The most intelligent trash can in the world
Smart Pill Box	Pillbox that can be accessed from a smart phone to help geriatric patients and their kids manage medications.
Director to Video	shoot a script at literally zero cost -- As long as it's an episode of Star Trek: Next Gen.
Chatanomaly	Anomaly detection of message activity in an online group conversation
AirVR	See high-quality VR scenes rendered on a powerful PC, without any cables.
Facebook Powerchat	Supercharge your Facebook messenger.
Edumame	An edu-platform aimed at personalizing assessments for a more sophisticated learning experience.
NerfLock	Protecting Your Privacy
Greedy Greedy Grizzlies	Furiously fill your furry face with flippin' floppin' fish
The Emotion Journal	Voice powered journaling with realtime emotional analysis
Office 365 Cards	Gather, organize and collaborate all related information in Office 365 as cards(Simplified Outlook BPM)
iPlanner Excel for Office 365 Planner	Create reports & charts in Excel to manage tasks from your O365 Planner & Teams
Vapor	A satire meta-blockchain game
KeySplit	Helping users securely store and recover their wallet keys
Alexa Tinder	Supercharge your Tinder game with Amazon Echo
Noctica	A world rife with creativity where users can explore and curate artistic content.
SemQuery	SemQuery is a search engine intended for querying codebases.
Alexa Massage Manager	Massage Scheduling and Management Services Customized for Visually Impaired Specialists
Comments to Confluence	Your JIRA ticket's comments & attachmnets in a Confluence page
altrui.st	We create socioeconomic justice by mining cryptocurrency & providing people in need with a basic income
ChatSumo	ChatSumo is an online marketplace for ChatBot Templates
ScrappyDo	From your scraps, do some hardware hacks!
IoTyre	An Iotimated Air Pressure Monitoring Dashboard
DECAF	Decentralized car sharing made fun
Cache	The cyberpunk cryptocurrency trading game based on the classic Drugwars, powered by ERC20 and ERC721.
Wordpress to Office 365: Sharepoint, Dynamics CRM	Plugins that connect WordPress to Office 365: OneDrive, Azure AD SSO, Outlook Calendar and Contact
Air Compare	Chrome extension for travel planning with Airbnb comparisons to nearby hotels, ride sharing and car rental prices
Devpost Sticker Wall	As a hackathon company, we create and collect A LOT of laptop stickers. We needed a bigger laptop.
Kanye Rest	The world's first Kanye West RESTful API
Cobook	See the people behind your favorite companies
Facebook Inspector [FBI]	FBI hides posts on Facebook with certain keywords, labelling them with flagged trigger or content warnings (TW/CW).
CURA	Companion aUtonomous Robotic Assistant
Digital  Asset Tracking System	Tracking of assets and delivering goods on time and in perfect condition in Manufacturing services
Copy Comment Linking Issue	Comment should be copy to linked issue automatically
Flightivity	Mobile app for advising the best travel locations by analysing spotify and social data with advanced ML algorithms
Muvie	Do you struggle to choose a good movie? Can't you find the right movie for tonight? We have the solution: Muvie!
KashBot	KashBot makes it easy to send Bitcoin to anyone over Facebook messenger
CloudIoT	All your things on the cloud
Restrict	Restrict mobile apps to manage your time meaningfully and create that healthy balance between virtual and real life
SixPackMind-Free Meditation,Yoga and Breathing Tracker	The first ever holistic fitness tracker app
E.A.T. UX Challenge	To create a humanizing experience that empowers families to successfully apply for free or discounted school meals.
PillPal	A smart, bluetooth enabled, pill dispenser for prescription management
TEXsavvy	Generating beautiful latex CVs and websites.
Tail Log	Never miss a log trace of your JIRA instance, catch 'em all!
Take Me Out	A social application that uses machine learning to recommend a specific night out
Event stream processing, possibly lambda architecture	Publishing events using Apache Kafka, processing them using spark streaming and storing results in cassandra or ...
c6_Soda Pop's Project Vigil	Reach the pinnacle of productivity by using Project Vigil to help you stay awake and make the most of your power naps
Hootsuite - The ODIN Project	ODIN, bored by the lack of Vicking wars, decided to monitor microservices, their interactions and dependencies.
3Degrees	iOS/Android app for burn diagnostics & novel injury progression analytics using FLIR imaging
Edison's MyoDrone	Selfie-Drone controlled with the Myo and Intel Edison
Peripheral	A VR puzzle game where reality is affected by the observer.
Predicting how good is the location for an ATM	Not able to find an ATM when you need it the most? Ask your bank to use our project!
GrubShare	Fixing food insecurity by bridging the gap between restaurants and food banks.
netra	A mobile based audio assistant to assist the visually challenged in getting a description of their surroundings
MEANING OF LIFE EXPERIMENT	30 HQ Videos, 30 Meditations & Exercises. Free app for Happiness & Less Stress! www.themeaningoflife.tv
Gmail Mobile Preview	Preview how your email subject lines & preheaders will look in Gmail on Android
MoolahMe	Crowdbanking where everyone is your ATM
Cranium Cart: The Mind Controlled Golf Cart	Leisurely rounds of golf have never been so easy. Why use your feet when you can use your gray matter?
HackerPond	Complete ChallengePost redesign. Just For Fun™.
VeriRoute	Rates different routes from a source to destination  on a safety scale of 1 to 5
EnLight	Beacon-based navigation for the visually impaired
Librery	A digital ultra-low-cost library runing on the router's firmware, no internet reqired. Taking culture where needed
Door Hack	Hack to keep hacking room door open.
BabySitter	Job or Baby? Why not both!
Ges::ndheit.space	Compress all available Health and Fitness Data into one simple instruction on how to improve your health.
Travel guard	Helping travellers to be safe abroad with emergency button
Ethos	Chrome extension that reports bias in articles via NLP and generates author profiles through IBM Alchemy Watson API.
Atlantis	Memory training through exploration
astromap	A Meteor-based mind mapping application, using Mindmup's MapJS front-end.
QuickActions - 3D Touch Experience for Android	Like 3D touch, hovering over an app icon on HomeScreen or a link provides quick access to popular deep linked actions
Email Analytics	Get the analytics of who is responding to your emails and how fast and emails received and read
PokéBattle	Have pokemon battles in Virtual Reality!
Ikhtiyaar - Regional Complaint System	An initiative to raise awareness in KPK public and provide them with a platform to give voice to their rightful needs
@alt_text_bot	automatic text descriptions of images on Twitter
Ktree	A map of all human knowledge, knows where you are, tells you how to go places
Recall3d	A 3D printed map based on a set of geotagged images, with a QR code linked to external image hosting.
Clairvaux	Prediction and visualization of armed conflict events.
Myo Marble Balance	A balancing game using the Myo sensor.
ReachARM	All in one system that allows a user to control stuff with its arm movements
3D chocolate printer and a penguin	printing historical chocolatey goodness in 3D!!!!
Calendar Booking Service	A simple timekit.io website to book my appointments
HairGuru	The chatbot that automates your haircut reservation process
Blended	2D/3D puzzle game set in a dystopian reality where the player is working for the government to reform society
Chem Lab Grader	Grade lab data & calculations automatically, significant figures and units included! Grade consistently and fairly.
Twine Health Activation Platform	Empowers patients to achieve maximum self-efficacy in their health through continuous collaboration with care teams.
Am I the Senate?	Have you ever wondered if you are the Senate, will never be the Senate, or are not yet the Senate? Wonder no more!
DZ - Context News Bot	Solving the misinformation problem in the information age with Machine Learning
eyeBeacon	To help the visually impaired travel across the city safer and smarter.
DoppelGallery	DoppelGallery is a web app that finds your doppelgangers from historical paintings based on a picture of your face
BLOCKCRAFT	The world’s first collaborative content-crafting campaign platform; powered entirely by the Ethereum network.
Obsidio	The game of guns, and strategy, but mostly guns.
EMICUS	A device that knows how you feel and keeps you emotionally healthy
myNursebot	Track your symptoms, medications, readings and appointments just using your voice.
ImpEx - Import & Export from/to MS Excel	Import and Export in Issue Navigator made easy and customisable
Live Snippets for Confluence	Create documentation with self-updating code snippets from Bitbucket projects
Collective Issue View for Service Desk	Allow customers to view requests created by other customers belonging to the same group using the Customer Portal
Perfect TENS	Soothe pain with android and custom circuitry.
CoSine	The beautiful re-plastering of a mathematical concept into a fast paced 2d platformer. A true test of co-ordination.
Millennial Maps	Making it easier for you and your friends to find new places
Memories	Save memories in real world. Explore, share and have fun.
Decentralized Energy Utility	Decentralized Organization of independent energy producers and consumers in an isolated electrical grid.
Happy Birthday Robin!	30 30 30 30 30 30 30 30
Botvinci	Make it easy and fun for students to augment their classroom learning
Agile Cards for Trello	Easily print your Trello cards
Stegosaur	Screenshots that aren't fossilized
CoolPlant	Coolplant improves plant care and saves water by collecting sensors data and comparing them to weather forecast
Alexa Speech Therapy	Speech Therapy is an Amazon Alexa skill meant for users who would like to improve their speaking skills.
AetherPic	Creates an image of words relating to a certain search term
Bus Off	An interactive mini-game pairing up bus stops around the world.
ImaguSCC:Smart Cold Chain	Protect your delicate assets, without breaking your budget
HackSat	Imagine a satellite which enables anyone to avoid thinking in data transfer, energy and all of those nuisances
Parking Buddy	The "Parking Social Network"
Virtual Adviser	Creating a easy to use, interactive Road-mapping system to help College Students and Advisers plan their classes.
Adaptavist ScriptRunner for JIRA Cloud	Extend, automate and enhance your JIRA workflows in JIRA Cloud
LeapDrop	LeapDrop is a hack that allows the geek to drag a webpage from one computer and drop it to another computer.
TempLists: To-Do List Templates for Every Occasion	To-do list templates for everything from travel to pet care. Select a template, customize & export it to Trello.
MoodAmigo	The companion on your journey to happiness
UMSL Study Tool	A social and fun way of a discussion forum for the students to interact based on their field of study and interest.
In The Loop	Live-Updated News Aggregating Web App
Project Air	VR Air Traffic Control Simulator
Rocketgraph	Etsy for analytics
DroneVision	A virtual perspective on Google Cardboard for drone enthusiasts and drone racing
Endurance	The next-gen fitness app
Dream Volunteer	Dream Volunteer allows to choose at random a person from any Office 365 Group within your organization.
Fdistance	Website, where you can watch movies with your friends in real-time.
Mike Robot	A robot that can be programmed with intuitive gestures.
Challenge Hunt	Search for challenges ends here
Musinex	Discover online social circles that envolve into offline friendships using music.
Ring Game	Get as many rings as you can before you die!
Soundscape VR	Create electronic music, alone or with randomly selected people from all over the world!
Look and Click Adventure	A traditional LucasArts-and-Sierra–style Point and Click Adventure Game comes to life all around you!
HeatKey	Green screen meets infrared.
Jus'be Happy	Happiness Made Easy!
GROOT	Plants as team members.
Wayfair Messenger Bot	A Messenger client here to help user's purchase great Wayfair goods. It's your new friend in your pocket :)
HoloEmail	Load that special email as a hologram - anywhere you are - or transporting you to anywhere you want to be.
Job Bot	Apply for jobs with Devpost
Remi	If we can improve medication adherence, we can decrease hospitalization, physician visits, and lower healthcare costs
Popsicle	Download the Internet and share it with friends — without the Internet
Phishing for Good (P4G)	An integrated software & hardware platform that allows volunteers, fishers, researchers to report ghost fishing gear
esusu	Esusu, it is informal loan club, helping to save or have a short-term loan through the susu concept.
Pallete	Tongue controlled technology for SCI independence
SATO - Personal Interpreter for instant translations	Instant translations of Documents and conversations in Real-time
Magic Board	The Magic Board allows Boosted Board users to replace their wonky old controller with a sleek new Myo Armband!
Axiom Zen - FrontEnd Design Challenge - Landing Page	A landing page design for the vanHackathon's AxiomZen challenge
Introducing Jacquelyn Emma Chu	9 months in the making!
Wrong Voyage	a retro game fps/puzzle hybrid
Gliding Princess	Stroll in the sky, no sicking!
Magic Bluetooth House	A set of BLE sensors that operate a magical minime house
Tripper	The journey is it's own destination
JSOrchestra	A jsfiddle.net Google Chrome extension that navigates you through a series of application development tutorials
Devices talking to each other	Get alerts, info and messages more naturally
Spaceship	Crowdsourced shipping
Devpost Fullscreen / Presentation Mode	On stage or in the expo put your Devpost page to work!
[Social Innovation] ThinkRThings	Reducing Things EcoFriendly
Bulbul	Like music to your ears. Literally.
Outlook Meeting Workspace Add-in	Reimplement the lost functionality of Outlook 2010.
Control Valve Performer - simulationHub	Cloud-based CFD simulation app to calculate control valve characteristic curves.
LectureBuddy	A webapp that provides real-time presentation feedback;
Discovr	Find things to do near you in Montreal
Sparsh - The Healing Touch	Behind every happy family is a happy woman!
Chibi Attack!	A light hearted 3D VR catapult game where Chib-Chibi flings herself at her nemesis Mega-Chibi
MyHealth	Beyond Patient Portal
Resistora	Image recognition resistance finder
GitKat	Have a break, have a GitKat. Have code from github automatically updated in your word document.
Transitime	Open-source real-time transit information for the entire world
Penn Campus	Find your way around the Penn campus from the convenience of your smartphone or tablet!
Digital Coffee	Glasses that wake you up when you drift off to sleep.
HC Experience	A game based around reaction speed and dodgy wifi and pizza.
Cheer me up	Send smiles seamlessly
Water	Notifications on your browser. Water you waiting for? Nothing, because Water waits for you.
EnVRo Chess	Chess played in VR in various relaxing environments. The experience is meant to help release stress in your free time
Taggrr	#JustTagIt! Tag anything - emails, websites, documents, media - and we give you collaboration awesomeness!
VRtionary	Its the pictionary implementation you never knew you wanted!
InstaOke	Karaoke For All!
Alertify	Twist to call - Flick to send location - Quick save in case of emergency
Champollion 2.0	The scribe for savvy paleographers
TerMINIONator: voice controlled robotics 32B	We use voice recognition and text analysis, accessible through a webapp, to control a minion (robot)
HealthBot	Health Related diseases at one place
Yeah Buoii	Smart Buoy for marine preservation and ocean monitoring
Space COPS	Space COPS Space COPS
AdvLang	The adventure simulation language
ES-SimpleHealth	We provide a simple solution to taking your medicines on time with QR code so that we all can get better soon :)
PillAR	Your medication digitized
FlappyU	VR version of intensive Flappy Bird
menU	menU displays your favorite restaurant's menu specifically tailored to your needs and dietary preferences.
WeatherWheel	Probably the most beautiful weather app in the world.
Visual	Data Visualization Components for Ebola Cases in the World, Employee PayRolls and US/Euro-Exchange Rate over Time.
SmartLogger	Data-driven algorithm which helps companies prioritize bugs they need to fix.
NESS	An innovative system to prevent wasting water in almost any environment. Now with IoT functions
Binnacle	Binnacle helps job seekers find the right job in less time by leveraging internal data to create search strategies.
CultureFit	Enhance the interview selection process by including team feedback as soon as possible
SocialAlexa	An intuitive skill for the Amazon Alexa to allow users to post tweets to twitter or send text messages to any number.
I can't believe it's not "trash"! (ICBINT)	A smart garbage can that sorts garbage and recycling
LevioSound	It's LevioSound, not Leviosaa
imgrep	A grep for images
Weekly Commitment for JIRA Cloud	The best way to motivate yourself. Just promise your colleagues to do something until the end of the week
Tone	Be your best self when writing emails.
CryptoZon	Simplificarea gestiunii ZON-ilor, prin conversia lor intr-un virtual currency bazat pe blockchain si smart contracts.
Urban Amenities	A humanizing resource portal for portland's unsheltered population
Newsletter To You	We created a platform so you check links from your favorite newsletters without letting newsletters near your email
iPlanner Pro Outlook Add-in	Manage your Planner tasks directly from any Outlook client
3 6 9 Alexa Counting Game	A fun counting game for all ages where players have to substitute "quack" for certain numbers
Discord Echo (Discord Recorder)	An automatic voice recording bot for the popular VoIP chat program!
Secure Drawer	A smart drawer that auto unlocks using BLE from your smart phone!
Platonic Solids Experience	Touch-discover Polygons, Vertices, Edges and more of Platonic Solids
Don't Laugh	Rubber-band gun that shoots you if you look too happy
Lung Cancer Detection using Deep Learning	Pioneer lung cancer diagnosis tool. Upload CT scans & get accurate cancer nodules diagnosis within minutes.
Cooey Health Monitoring	This skill provides an interactive holistic skill featuring health info,medical profile & medical record analysis
Triton-s-PARK	Smart parking solution with emphasis on social interactions
Conversations Video Chat for Confluence	Build consensus quickly with live video chat inside the Confluence editor
Personal Shopper	Find the perfect outfit and create the style that represents you the best with just a few friendly questions.
MyMusicMate	Friendly chatbot that helps you and your friends find a concert to go together based on your collective music tastes!
TreeView for Trello	Displays Trello lists and cards in a tree view for easier visualization.
Byke	An automatic bike transmission system.
A Dance With Death	A Heart-Pounding Adventure that brings many to tears with it's modern solutions to life and it's challenges
Smart IOCup	What if your tea cup was just as smart as you? Constantly measuring and improving your tea drinking experience?
Bamboo	Drive Your Growth - Instant delivery for businesses
Xplore	Local Experts Spreading Culture Throughout The World
CodeCollab	Find ideas, make teams, and work on the next revolutionary idea with like-minded people!
Super Creature Showdown	Super Creature Showdown for Echo & Alexa is a game where super creatures battle, & your math skills find the winner!
Tucson Flux	Traffic pattern vis in Tucson, AZ
Mini MIDI: Rock, Roll, Recycle	What do you do with all the empty aluminum cans you acquire over the span of a Hackathon? Make electronic drums!
Zircon	An SMS gateway for IRC
Orbit	Your development environment in the cloud.
Ideaback	Mapping ideas and crowdsourcing feedback in real-time
Project: Safe Haven	Mobile platform providing information and low barrier communication between refugees and aid organisations
LookNote	Electron-based note-taking app, with Wolfram search
gLoves and Penguindows "OS"	Hacker Glove ft. Interactive penguin environment OS
AutiBot	AutiBot is a health hack capable of analyzing brain activity to detect young children's risk for developing autism.
Private Eye - Case Files: The Wooden Lady	Environmental storytelling with a noir aesthetic, join Det. Sunderland on a case that is anything but open and shut
Ruins Of Chronos	An action/adventure 3d platformer with combat and puzzles
Crossover: Multi-threaded immersive theater experience	5 characters, 4 ghosts, 3 rooms to choose from. Sleep No More meets Sixth Sense in VR
HappiJar - saving some of your happiness for a rainy day	Saving smiley moments for rainy days when you need them the most. Save, Share & Shake your Happiness.
SchoolSource	Yelp! for schools
Shopify - Product Finder, the future of e-commerce	Team turtle-ninjas has developed the future of e-commerce
EmPowered by YHOCODE	EmPowered A tool for Disabled Citizens To Control Their Employment Search
VR Vox	Build your own world in VR using voxel cubes.
Aamd O Raft	Wagons k rastay
SAN - Soil Analyzer Network	Simple, extendable, scalable monitoring solution
meteor-snippet	App built with Meteor and React to store useful and reusable meteor snippets to make dev faster
123 Photo Viewer	Best Photo Viewer in Windows Store that supports both touch and mouse
https://github.com/austin94/TextAlexa	Sync contacts and send text messages directly from your Amazon Echo
ChessEye	Computer chess without the computer
Dreamify	Mobile and Web application.
Wave	Bionic hand system that replicates human hand movements in real time
Switter	Switter - A wealth of knowledge! Helping ordinary people make smarter investments
StockAssist	Helping you invest.
DonateWise	A donate button based on the TransferWise API to make donating in different currencies cheaper for both parties.
kindshare	food banks/shelters collect cash vs food donations / use savings from bulk buying to fund donation pickups for goods
Codiva	Coding game for girls - Team 6
HiccupCSS	Leverage all the major javascript events without ever leaving your CSS.
UniTab	Have over 9000 browser tabs? Click to collapse into just ONE!
Cash Only	Avoid ATM Fees with Peer-to-Peer Cash
WearCar	User can easily control the car by using my WearCar APP in the Gear.
Making "Dumb" JPEGS "Smart" For Healthcare	We are building the best mobile medical grade image capture, archiving and sharing solution for healthcare.
i RESCUE	manage  urgent status information that is sent to a company from Colleague.
InstantCall	InstantCall is Call System for shelters.
wells	Wells is a smart bottle cap that tracks your water intake, boosting your well-being one drop at a time.
Caffeine 4 Me	Coffee machine controlled by the cloud with a mobile device
TimeCheck	Never miss a bus again!  TimeCheck tells bus drivers to wait for you!
SkinSense	Screen for early-stage melanoma using your iPhone's camera
Park Painter	Create and explore virtual art in local parks.
Hang	Discover, measure, create, and order stunning frame collages for your space using your smartphone's camera.
Parking Lot 2.0 - Team Dryve	It's time parking lots caught up with the 21st Century
OwlExpress	Rice Package Delivery Killer App
Picks	Pick your best photos, keep your camera roll clean.
Creepr	the discreet way to get away
SynthCOW	A theremin for the future!
TAMU In-Direct	Augmented reality mobile application for indoor navigation to improve the independence of students with disabilities.
DJTrump	DJ Trump
TravelSafe	TravelSafe is an app that has been built for the community of Indore and its people to provide them with safety tools
icecream	Program using emojis.
Oodles Rewards: Smart City - Smart Consumer	A smart journey app to find train, bus, ride shares cheaper and faster, provide driver ratings and earn rewards
Troc	Connect with people by lending, borrowing or trading items you don't need anymore.
HoloMeeting-Client	A PowerPoint Meeting Client for the HoloLens with a virtual shared presentation screen
MediTake	An Android Application for visually impaired people to access medical prescription
Buddy	Save time while you look after your pet buddy!
Blow	Don't underestimate the power of BLOW
Easy Agile Roadmaps for JIRA	The BEST way to plan a product roadmap and keep stakeholders in the loop
Choo Choo Choo	Swipe the people into the train as the train scrolls up and  the animals on the on the opposite direction.
HoloDrive	Store your Microsoft OneDrive files on real objects
Plant Management System	Lightweight local webapp that manages and maintains schedules on crops
Goldilocks Browse	Browse to find that "just right" product by incrementally changing attributes such as height, width, roundness, etc.
Saathi	Your college companion (saathi) which contains all basic amenities like timetable in one place.
Alexa keep	Personal search engine that allows the user to store and retrieve information more conveniently.
New York Times Wedding Annoucements Data Visualization	exploring the weird intricacies of the New York Times Wedding announcements
Labor Log	BlockChain technology to prevent modern slavery
my hackathon	After a rocky start to my very first hackathon, team less and inexperienced - I give you 'THE SUBMISSION'
ShareMD - Power to the Patient	shareMD created simple RESTful APIs to automate transparency and patient centric control for healthcare industry
Intelligent Transplants	Predict the viability of organ transplants using deep learning
Sledger	Making science undeletable with decentralized distribution of peer reviewed studies
Recap	Smart Notetaking
Project Julius	Seizure Prevention Software
BirdBot	BirdBot is an alexa skill and lex chatbot that can answer basic birding questions.
Better Image Tab	Turns a bare single image only tab into a fully functional image editor.
RUMentoring-A mentorship platform for Rutgers Students	A tutoring and mentorship platform for Rutgers Students developed at HACKRU 2016!
InvestMatti	Have a Matti buddy that helps you invest instead of misuse
Track Truck	System for tracking statuses of cargos in a big supply chain for all participants securely and interactively
Trump Or False	How well do you know our Republican Party nominee? Test your knowledge through Trump or False.
Decentralized IoT Horticulture	An indoor plant that can be monitored and controlled via the Ethereum blockchain
Watch With World	React to videos in real time with the world
VR'nChill	Multiplayer VR for experiencing movies.
WhoPay	Web app to ease bill splitting during group outings
X-Terminator Drone	Reflecting UV light off of aluminum-coated propellers of an autonomous drone can inactivate deadly viruses.
ფეივატორი - Payvator	ელექტრონული გადახდის საშუალება ლიფტში
CleverAds	Tired of advertisement while you are watching online videos? Just solve a quiz right to skip the advertisement.
FreeMe	Turning public bathrooms into panic rooms and life lines -aiming to free victims of human trafficking
GoalifyOZ	Collaborative Goal Setting App for Refugees and Case Workers
brio	Displaying cards for easily learning vocablulary, languages and other stuffs
Job Choice	Makes it easy for students and young professionals to decide which jobs/co ops are better for them
Cute Crusher	Cute Crusher is an adorably fun little game where you have to save your well from nasty little critters.
Cityscape Repairman	Miniature 3rd person platformer where you solve puzzles, and repair broken machinery to keep Cityscape running.
Crime Watch	Talk to characters with your voice.
TANK YOU!	Fun game in the Tank with your buddies. Switch between Hero or Gunner at any time!
Where You At?	Snapchat for locations
Leanú Technologies	Helping businesses excel during an IT crisis through mobile applications.
4Wardz	Together we are stronger - an app for young people with life-long or life-limiting illnesses
Pixie Patrol	an adorable, 'magical girl' themed shooter-platformer for desktop.
Astro League	A multitouch-focused sci-fi fusion of soccer and pool
HIITunes	Combining the power of music and community to improve your health!
#LegDay	An exoskeleton leg for people who need it most.
Help, Actually	A browser extension that notifies you when you view the website of a problematic charity and provides better options.
Genius Sign	The best app to sign, date and annotate your documents.
chatwise	A personal chat assistant that never fails you in a conversation
Median	A messaging app for centralized narrative communication in a dyanamic healthcare environment.
share a journey	share our routes is about the spirt of collaboration
echoes	A VR horror experience where the screams are real
Racoon	Racoon - will help people to sort their garbage in new way.
Reteta la Control	Find the cheapest generic drugs available that were prescribed to you. Same quality at a low-level price.
Vibez	Gain intelligent insights from YouTube videos
Ingage	Ingage allows employees to participate in challenges at their own pace and sync with their favorite devices.
DMZ: Memories of no man’s land	A documentary experience where you discover and understand the Korean D.M.Z through the memory of a former soldier.
zzzyield (Team: EDIHealth)	Increase employee productivity, health and happiness through better sleep. Measure, motivate, track, regulate.
ava - true autonomy to the deaf and hard of hearing	A mobile application that transcribes speech into text. AVA, let's you see in realtime 'who' says 'what' around you!
Pseudo Code	Learn how to code. In English.
091 - TaMaDeBot	When you are far far away from home, you miss your mum nagging reminders at you...that's when you look for TaMaDeBot!
062A - Doggify	Dogs make your day. Doggify makes dogs.
Active Neighbour	Collaborative economy application that enables the distribution of idle resources between neighbors.
OutfitMe	OutfitMe helps people, tired of exhausting online shopping, find quickly excellent outfit by just uploading a picture
foot++	A device to help correct the foot drop gait in affected people
DodgeDonald.com	Every want to get away from Trump? Space not an option? Fly to the furthest point away!
Project Seed	Off grid web server
Sales Booster	Accelerating sales at rocket speeds...
Speaking Email - voice reader for email	a mobile app that reads your email out loud, with low distraction UX
Salesforce & Confluence Cloud Connector	Connect Confluence Cloud to Salesforce to quickly extract the information that matters to a wider audience
Dreadmill	An Oculus Rift full of zombies, all on a treadmill.
Travel Broke	A travel web application that helps you find a spontaneous getaway!
RokkSalt	Combine the power of Twitter Lead Gen Cards with the awesome marketing power of Infusionsoft.
f.low	Intelligent audio level control based on the noise level of your surroundings. Enhance your listening.
ZenPRM	Making Healthcare administration amazingly simple
Hard Drive Lifeguard	Hard drive failure prediction using SMART data set
Fitness Fortuna	It's an Apple Watch app that you compete against for fitness goals.May Fortuna reward you with good health !
CoWork24	CoWork24 brings busy people together at a casual self-created coworking space anywhere on demand
Homeline Bling	Call me on your payphone, late night when you need a home
Highway Reservation	Allocate Traffic Car Magnitude By Reservation
Qrious	Query + Curious – A Short Message Information Service
I Need to Write a Crocodile	A web-based improv writing game! Trains typing, adaptability, and creative thinking.
Aurae - Thunder Run	You are Aurae spirit of the wind & mystic butterfly. Run the gauntlet of dragonflies, can you get to the end?
Labster - Revolutionizing Life-Science Learning with VR	Learn how to solve a CSI murder case with Labster’s million dollar virtual laboratories and Gear VR - for free!
Safe Glow	Angelina Risi and Rachel Qiao Han
PowerGlove 2.0	Get your power back
Guitar Gearo	Guitar simulator with phone and watch
KnowsU	A NodeJS app that uses Watson with other APIs like Spotify to give user suggestions to improve or maintain their mood
JumpingGirl	Start from "Hello World!", girls learn programming through Stack Overflow postings and participating in AthenaHacks!
VRythm	Energetic VR Rhythm Game
Pebilepsy	Nocturnal epilepsy tracker and prevention software
Chromelexa	Control your browser with your Alexa device.
Know Me	Everyone has a story to tell. Learn your student's and continue writing it for them.
Ultimate Mars Clock	A digital clock calibrated to Mars time and a web calendar
Really Smart Ads	Showing dynamic targeted adverts based on the current crowd's average age, emotions and gender.
Dream.it	If you can dream it, you can wear it.
Shelfie	Shelfie will use cameras to count how much supply for each brand of drink is in a cooler.
AR - No-Ex	A chrome extension that blocks your ex-boyfriend/girlfriend photos
BIENE	FLAPPY BIENE
Aid Connect	Help me get to safety
Guardian	Casually order an Uber without losing awareness of your surroundings.
G'Night	Your solution for a better sleep
Wellness Diary	A platform for users to monitor their emotions, read articles related to mental health and connect with therapists.
MedicSMS	First aid diagnosis and advice for the developing world via SMS
Fantasynth	A virtual ride through a musical landscape
ProjectMars	Conquer Mars for your faction in a game combining chess and risk style gameplay.
Compan-Oekaki- Colaborative Vision Board	A digital space for real time collaboration for visualizing ideas, art, and strategies for life or for fun.
Shark Text Editor	A text editor for web developers
Albumify.me	Using Deep Learning to perform Style Transfer of Famous Album Covers
STORM	Artistic journey of the inwards experience of mental health issues, aiming to raise awareness and understanding.
Torture Awareness Globe	Eye catching visualization spreading awareness to the public on efforts and projects preventing torture.
Disco Melthem	Experience a club like never before in a VIrtual Space party
Drone Vision	Decentralized crowdsourced-capable 3d modelling and labeling with a personal drone, for VR touring and mapping.
Alexa Site	Web Design with Voice
Apps4.Pro	Integrated task management / email to task for Office 365 Planner, SharePoint Online and Outlook Tasks
Dance Dance Virtual Revolution	Dance Dance Revolution but in VR!
ReadToMe	This is a Deep Learning enabled application which is able to read books to kids
Memento	An art game about a man traversing his dreams.
FamBillBot	A bot which helps you manage your family's mobile recharges, bill payments, etc..
Superflick	70+ years of Marvel Comics, rendered as 3D books that are fully controllable by your hands using the Myo Armband.
Chuzi	Choose movie to watch using hilarious search filters (e.g. number of gunshots)
Kids Court	No more fighting! Take your rivals to Kids Court and watch them get what they deserve.
Free-Watch	Turn your old-unused cheap smartphones to A.I. powered smart home surveillance system
Illuminaughty	Conspiracies can't melt steel beams!
Wificoin	Share your WiFi to earn cryptocurrency
Mappit	Localized maps as social network allow you to create topographies with pinned locations special to your community.
Warmth	Create fire as primitive man.
WhatsPoll	Make fast and simple arrengements and take collective decissions through WhatsApp!
Ramble: Venice	Discover Venice in bite-sized travel adventures.
Checklist Bot for Trello	Adds checklists templates for cards and launches actions when items are checked (move, archive, add labels to cards)
Table Grid Editor for JIRA Cloud	Boost your Jira with the power of tables
Mixin for Adobe Creative Cloud and Jira	Let your design team attach assets to JIRA issues directly from Photoshop, InDesign, and Illustrator.
butterknife	A Swiss army knife for your phone!
tinder-cli	Command line interface for Tinder, written in Go
Rockadoodle	An amazing fun filled app to motivate kids to be active, eat healthy, get fit and share with friends.
Diana	Your medical diagnostics assistant
TravoltaGifs	Gallery of best Travolta GIFs!
იქ->C	პირველი ქართული პროგრამირების ენა
Bot or Not	Visual CAPTCHA that classifies products on the way
DOUBLEVISION	Accompaniyig your videos with smart context so you can further research topics mentioned in your video
BringIt!	Crowd-sourcing delivery system so anyone can request anything, anywhere.
Schedulizer	Like Schedulizer but smarter.
TrashBOT	A mobile app that turns your cellphone into a microcontroller and IDE
Go Go Gadget	Versatile, Functional, Connected Baby Toys
Envirocache	The fun way to get children outside, active and educated.
Sonata in Python	Algorithmically generated musical literature using neural networks
Inside the Human Body	Travel inside the human body to get a new perspective of the systems that keep us alive!
Sherlock Holmes - The Wagner Ritual	An interactive, narrative mystery experience - starring the greatest detective ever.
Red Riding Hunt	Experience a dark, horrifying fairy tale in this double-immersive VR game from outside and inside a mysterious book.
Fathoms Below	Solve puzzles in an ancient underwater world using intuitive and comfortable VR mechanics
Awakening (working title)	Virtual reality meets Diablo and Zelda.
SOCIAL VR	Discovering social networks in VR
Along the Trail	Walk through an intimate data portrait of yourself.
Fast Food Runner	Making the most out of fast food.
Text Relay	Text Relay for the Hearing Impaired
Paint42 create and experience amazing 3D worlds	Paint42 is a VR application to create and experience amazing 3D worlds with beautiful colours and materials.
Diversity Mosaic	Showcasing diversity within your organization
Regret	Call bullshit on clickbait.
Laplock	Leave your laptop unattended, worry free
speedlunch	Building effective working relationships
Dremo	Search inline images in Outlook
PepperHealth	Using wearable to monitor elder and Pepper robot for confirmation and assistance of the elder.
HopenSource	Platform for developers to volunteer for non-profit organizations
Modernized Weasley Clock	A Harry Potter-inspired clock that tracks the location of your family members via an app and updates a physical clock
DoctorSpark	Ultra Fast and Low Cost Personalized DNA Analysis and Diagnostics with a Spark
ShadowBot	The world'd first completely hands free controllable human biped robot using Microsoft Kinect.
JazzItUp	Using midi file format to improvise music from lead sheets.
Rocket Builders	'Rocket Builders' brings back part of that childhood pleasure in an engaging VR experience
This Is Me	How do we help asylum seekers and refugees own their own data?
Hungry Host	Voice-activated smart cooking fun with our dear friend Alexa!
DriveAbility	Facial recognition metrics to rank a driver's awareness and inspire safe driving habits.
JRNL	We believe that Life is Worth Recording - So we built JRNL to help you capture, store, organize and reflect on yours.
Pigeon Point	Summarizes flooded and nasty group chats into topics with clean bullet points of key events.
Neighborhood Airport Noise Monitor	Continuously monitor and complain to Metro Airports Commission about elevated aircraft noise in your neighborhood.
Little Herder VR	Time is running out. Help junior put the sheep back in their cage!
Hackathon video promos	Tell us why hackers should go to -your- hackathon
Axiom Zen | Make-A-Wish	Landing page with admin panel for leads
Savvy Savanna	Deploying the Internet of Things to create a safety net against poaching
2016 IoTHackDay Random Stuff Team	If you don't know which team to join, and want to just show up with a bucket full of hardware and software, join us.
PokePepe	Rare pepes on the go with Pebble.
Health Bucks	A web application that helps parents encourage healthy behavior to their kids by rewarding them "Health Bucks".
Grindbit	We track teeth grinding at night
Devpost Comments	Commenting has never been easier (or fancier) on Devpost
ARIA	Adaptive & Real-time Intelligent Assistant
Teach Tiles	Modular educational Augmented Reality tiles tied to a smartphone app to bring engaging activities to the classroom.
SwiftAssist	Crowdsourcing emergency response to save lives when 911 cannot get there fast enough, over Pebble, iOS, and Web.
Perspecticles	Perspecticles is a Chrome extension that exposes favorable and unfavorable viewpoints on controversial topics.
IR Vision (Name in progress)	Experiments in computer vision with infrared cameras
Nighting	#oura #ring #health #matching #biorhythm
VidComb | Video Hack Day	Compiling video has never been easier!
CityMatch	Do you want to fly and you don't know where to fly? If agree, this app will make your life easier and funny.
FinlandHeaven	A blockchain platform that enforces fair and transparent taxation with Ethereum
MailSnail	A smart mailbox connecting you with your mailbox, Muki coffee mug, phone, twitter & showing your drink's temperature
facejack	your face has been hijacked
SmartSpend	Learn what you could make in stocks with your unnecessary spendings
sonictoken	A sonic/ultrasonic two factor authentication module
Meteor NES	Play Nintendo Entertainment System on the browser, joystick included!
Pomodorus	Stay focused on your task, 25 minutes at a time, with people around the world.
Meteor DDP Monitor	Stare at DDP traces inside your Devtools in Chrome
Metryx	Helpful visualizations for Metrorail users
vrban	virtual reality meets urban planning
ShimmyCRM	CRM for Facebook: Automated, organized, and templated campaigns integrated into Facebook Messenger.
Blitz	Event check-in + wi-fi connection bundled into one seamless interaction
YouGenius	Genius in YouTube. Get all the lyrics you need in one click.
LOLA	LOLA--Laugh Out Loud Aid: Laugh while learning goals every day
Moneytor	Fun and easy way to learn and exercise good finance
Shuttlepay	Intergalactic Payments - Send your money on a cross-platform trip
FakeCall!	Fake Call app allows user to get out of awkward situations or boring meeting.
Online 6502 IDE	A pretty and easy to use online IDE for 6502 Assembly programming.
Filter.me	Create your own image filters based on artistic style!
Stop the abuse of Given When Then.	We have to use Given When Then for the test cases it was foreseen for and find out what we do with the others.
CandyFit	Find perfect candidates with best fit !
Music, Literally	Generating sequences of piano notes from blocks of text using word sentiment analysis.
DocASAP	Attract and retain patients through improved access and engagement
Sweep	A predictive analytics engine for the operating room of tomorrow.
Monica	Your personal assistant, a Real Fake Jarvis
Eye	Try color-blind and near-sight, improve the color-blind's browsing experience, care the special group.
Future Without Borders	A iOS application that allows citizens in European Countries to host Syrian Refugees as they are fleeing war
Food Sherpa	Grades for Boston restaurants based on food inspection data
Farmr	An app that provides predictive crop yield for a farm and estimates the profit, weather and soil information.
Bolterizer	Identify & categorize waste nuts & bolts to make money from scrap steel!
BeatStreet	You don't dance to the music...the music dances to you!
Amation	SVG Animation Editor
Duck Hunt Robotics	Introduce the most outdoorsy, robot-human interactive mobile gaming system, the Duck Hunt Robotics
Parqs.me	Parqs.me provides real time parking data to consumers for parking garages, street-level, and surface lot parking.
Linqs	Grouping up with your friends
Devpost Search	Powerful and fun to use. Find any project quickly.
Dividr	A multi-platform endless runner utilizing unique device inputs.
Tetr.js	Solving Tetris with a genetic algorithm.
Pothole Detector	An app which maps and detects potholes
FinishDrawing.com	FinishDrawing.com celebrates the spontaneity of creativity. You have 20 seconds to finish a drawing. Are you ready?
Requirement Yogi connector for JIRA	A new form of JIRA-Confluence integration for teams with functional analysts
Hey Daddy	A web platform designed for dads as a one-stop solution of child-caring
MediWait	A crowdsourcing app for medical wait lines
The Boarding Firefly	LED Longboard with Bluetooth integration and an app
Pocket by GoNetwork	Teaching youths to save with incentivized pocket change!
Search and Protect	Searching for the ones who just need a helping hand
RefugeID	RefugeID is a decentralized platform for storing the identity and documentation of refugees around the world.
Niko Calendar - Happy Agile Teams	Happy team is a productive team. We bring happiness tracking into the tool, loved by teams across the world : JIRA.
Debt Tracker and Assessment for JIRA	Bringing the technical debt metaphor to process and project management. Evaluate and track your project debt in JIRA
Agility Planning	Be flexible and track your team capacity to complete your projects in time.
Canary	Foursquare for music where you check-in music.
JoinFit - Stay fit for free while meeting new people	JoinFit is a webapp that let's you stay fit for free while meeting new people
SAT Practice For Students, By Students	Our site provides fellow teens with SAT study material in a fresh, relatable way that doesn't put them to sleep!
Fashion Smash	Prove your fashion-savyness in this fast paced shopping game!
V-Arrrgh	Minigames for Oculus Rift with Unity to combat Amblyoipa, an eye condition that can be fixed with childhood training.
X-Touch	Bridging physical interfaces. Connecting experience.
Sentient Factory	Empowering factories with techologies to make them sentient
Workload Analyzer	Usage of data deluge generated by machines to analyze  workload of equipment/machine to avoid overloading of machines
Worlds Apart	The story of Gaia, a sentient planet who roams the universe shaping other worlds, even as she heals herself.
Leap Motion Controlled Helicopter - with Arduino	The most intuitive and unique way to control a helicopter - using your hand's movements in open air.
Taylr	Your personal assistant for interview preparation, tailored just for you.
Dubzooka	Parametrical Speaker
ADP Payroll Innovation Bot	Make Payroll Information easy to access!
Pedalo	Next level credential verification using the Ethereum Blockchain.
1CRM - XERO Integration	Integrate a great CRM with a great Accounting system.Save double data entry and engage clients in CRM and Marketing.
Misshurd	Imagine a world where Spotify would play music videos. Using magnets, beans and magic, Misshurd made it happen.
Playlist Buddy - Convert Spotify playlists to YouTube	Converts your favorite Spotify playlists to YouTube so you can watch music videos and share them with friends.
News Articles for Mature Folks	News aggregator with ML generated headlines and clustering. Awesome design included.
Aria: Your Personal Smart Home Butler	Even if you don't, your home can now have a 140 IQ
Macro Editor	The power of modern technology and excel functionality merged into one.
Bitcoin as a payment method	As a customer I want Wayfair to accept cryptocurrency so I can spend my bitcoin on furniture and homegoods!
Wingman	The Perfect Tinder Profile Generator
Baseball & Softball BASIQs	Develop your baseball and softball Game IQ
BannerWebParser	There is no way to add your classes to GCalendar or Outlook beyond manually entering your schedule, We fixed that.
CU Party Play	Let guests tweet songs to add to the party playlist and tweet to vote, the one with the most votes plays next!
Jupiter	Optimizing JavaScript for real runtime code injection in iOS
A Cloud Guru QuizBot	Invite the A Cloud Guru QuizBot to your slack channel and level-up your Amazon Web Services (AWS) skills!
HitHive	Use your website visitors to discretely process big data using JS. Solve big problems using a crowd-sourced cluster.
ResistAR	Augmented Reality Circuit Visualizer and Solver
SkyFly	Companion app for TV shows and live events, supported with automated annotated content
Corrin – Hacktech 2018	A HoloLens app that helps people suffering from Alzheimer's or amnesia with visual and audio cues and interaction
BigBackup	Free services allow limited cloud storage; BigBackup utilizes unlimited YouTube uploads for additional space
HearMeNow (Chatbot)	Have a story to share? Feeling depressed? Want to give up? Feeling suicidal? HearMeNow is here to hear you out.
CS2 - All Ears	Pre-recorded, and scheduled audio messages from Family Caregivers to their loved ones with Dementia
SKYSync+	The open-source monitoring solution for Caregivers.
Smart_Lot	Smart_Lot informs drivers of vacancies in parking lots by using sensor-equipped IoT devices.
FaceHack	Put your face in your favourite Youtube videos!
Issue Search Customiser for JIRA	Customise your issue search bar
MAILBOT.tech	An email assistant that summarizes your mailbox contents into a Spark bot that writes emails on your behalf.
Answer me, will you?	Play with your friends and get drunk (of water) af =)
Sandwich-o-matic	Make your lunch automatically.
InvestSQ	InvestSQ rounds-up every purchase and the change is added to user's account according to a personal investment plan.
Wision	Use voice recognition & object detection to locate daily objects & provide direction for the visually impaired
Integrated Windows Authentication for Apps using Crowd	Passwordless authentication for Windows domain users on Atlassian products, Google Apps and custom web applications
Cegeka-CV-App	Automating the creation of a Cegeka CV, preventing you wasting hours upon hours on making it manually.
Apps-in-Browser.js	Run apps desktop programs in the browser in an operating system written in Javascript.
Notegram	Adding a new degree of social to OneNote
LostOffline	Lost somewhere without internet access? Get directions in your language via sms.
AreYouAlive	Better way to keep in touch with soldiers.
Answer to Play	Do homework first, then you can play.
Yepinn	A competitive platform for high schools to pit their students against each other in online coding competitions.
Tip of the Tongue	Interact with words in a meaningful way.
EduHub	EduHub is the place to go when you want to learn something new, even if you don't know what you want to learn.
Mom, I dropped my Ipad	Games are boring nowadays and here is our way of changing that! Risk is what people need!
UX Ubiquity (Android Wear / smart watch)	Every UX threshold (tablet / smart-phone) has an inflection point; UX Ubiquity is the smart-watch inflection point
I Spy...	I Spy is a real time application which gives users the opportunity to find out what & where the hottest topics are.
1ClickTrips	With 1ClickTrips you can plan and book your trip right from your Outlook calendar appointments
Goomer	Yammer as corporate knowledge-base?
Paint42 create and experience amazing 3D worlds	Paint42 is a VR application to create and experience amazing 3D worlds with beautiful colours and materials.
Treehood	A platform that creates eco-friendly competition between neighbors
Miss Enigma Pageant	The glamorous adventures of a fresh faced beauty as she rises from Miss City to the bright lights of Miss Enigma.
figboard.io	Decentralized Anonymous Resume Pool on the Ethereum Classic Block Chain (ETC)
iDelve	iDelve empowers job seekers with disabilities to recognize their abilities and take control of their career journey.
Flock	Never lose your friends again
wsAppInfo	wsAppInfo is package through which we can monitor online user, total users, memory usage etc
CricFit	Turning your smartphone into your favourite cricket bat
Sword Fight	A digital replacement for rock, paper, scissor.
Follow Plants	IoT based marketplace for plants, where plants do the marketing.
alexa emails	read emails
Atop The Wizard's Tower	Control the elements to keep back the hordes of enemies roaming across your land, from your seat #AtopTheWizardsTower
Watson Dinner	Find recipes by cuisine and ingredients by chatting with a conversational agent.
Fishtter	Sail safe
Gladiator	A mind-blowing new app for benchmarking Linux systems for Splunk use
Insight Signals	Smart email analytics for team accountability and sales activity tracking.
quasar	Video chatroom using WebRTC + Meteor + React + Flux
Vectorwise	Vector graphics from photos and drawings
Air Quality Data Science	Our site aims to display the impact of various modes of transportation on air quality, specifically ozone levels.
Cryptopostal	answer 2 questions correctly to reveal my mailing address
dineR	dineR makes the best local dishes only a swipe away
Douleuo	A Ministry Portal For OFWs
Super Athletes	If you have a body, you are an athlete, come train with super athletes
SMS_Taxi	SMS Taxi receives ride requests via text message, optimizes ride-matching, and uses OpenXC data for location and cost
Child	We do support children who are being affected by HIV/AIDS
Moderabot	Telegram bot that moderates group chats
Fizz Filter	Choose Your Flavor
Sir Mix-a-Drink	Your favorite drinks taste better together.  Sir Mix-a-Drink makes it easy to get the mix right.
Neighbors social app	Social Network to meet and engage people that live in the same building
Devpost Organization Profiles	Giving orgs a better presence on Devpost
mollybot	A reddit bot to give you the top news from your subreddit and even write you a haiku!
Video Presentation Analyser	Video analyzer which will help analyze video presentations on facial expressions and voice modulations
Infinit - Docker 1.12 Hackathon	Infinit provides hyper-converged storage (both compute and storage scale together) as a service for a Docker Swarm.
Circle	Group messaging app for closest friends with sending money transactions and location tracking to view journey
Further	Travel like a local. Further your experience.
Meemr	An app that turn people into walking memes.
Dry Erase Plotter	Our plotter is a low energy alternative to the excessive monitors financial companies use to display market data
BusLight	Light while bus time tables that you care about scroll by
Poultry Litters	A web platform for enlightening farmers on modern technology
Twitch Plays Bubblesort	From the makers of Kicksorter and Indiebogo, we bring you crowdsourced sorting!
trashifai	A smart bin that automatically sorts trash into recyclables and non-recyclables and notifies authorities when full.
Skjult:	Spillapp der en jakter på historier fra folketro, opplever miljøet der det oppsto og ser bevisene i kulturlandskapet.
Re:Art	A stylized video processing web app based on deep learning and AWS.
eMotion	Videos in eMotion
LangBot	Introducing a fun and interactive program to homes that gives users the opportunity to master any foreign language.
Insight	A Google Cardboard AR tool for designers to see how their work affects people with vision impairments.
Jerri	Software, so that you never have to go to the gas station again.
HomeGrown	Recommends plants to grow according to geolocated meteorological data. Just give it what3words you like!
Spot	NYC Street Parking with pleasure
TripGo in São Paulo	Planning your ride through the city is a whole lot easier with TripGo!
Title	Elevator
hAIkuu	Autonomous AI haikuist that could write about what it sees.
Box of Dreams	A 3D display capable of portraying anything -- even your dreams.
Snapzy	Snapzy - remote camera trigger and viewfinder
UFT Task for Bamboo	Integrate HP UFT automation testing tool with Bamboo and JIRA
3D Issues Map (City Model)	3D Visualization is the key. Display your JIRA issues like never before.
Code Navigation for Bitbucket	Navigate through source with a single click
What She Really Said	Answering "That's what She said" jokes with quotes from notable women
Smile&Wave	Your computer is happy to see you too.
Tranquility	The only app you don't have to open.
Bloomopoly	Monopoly is more into trading than ever!
DoDates - Due Dates Made Easy	Upload any pdf or photograph any dates and automatically add them, and their information, to calendar and to-do list
LazyChef	Lazy Chef is GPS for the kitchen, and more broadly, a task and resource allocation optimizer.
Argo	Argo is an application that helps Wolverines connect in person through one-on-one blind friend-dates.
SchoolLunchHackathon-RPG	Help the parent navigate the RPG world and gather the information necessary to submit an application!
1st PERSON TRIPPER: VIRTUAL SURREALITY	Take a brand new look at optical illusions.
The Right Place	Match the Right Patient to the Right Bed
CityMood	What are you in the mood for?
Column Swarm Reinforcement Learning (CSRL)	A general purpose reinforcement learning architecture based on HTM theory and swarm intelligence.
Bar Cart	Cocktails Delivered
Emote	A New Facial Recognition SDK Without OpenCV
Lamy Amy, your personal Psychologist	this is a awesome pitch that blows everyone's mind
Family Forest	Taking The Study of Family History and Genealogy into a 3D Gaming Virtual Environment
Curiosity	Discover relevant real time information with Curiosity.
Graphly	View visual charts of your data inside your Infusionsoft app and on your smart phone.
Android sWear	Train yourself to stop saying certain words
Planr	A new way to make plans with your friends. Choose a city, add activities and locations from a variety of categories
Adventure Now	A unique way of finding places nearby
TrainTrax	TrainTrax is a music middleware, enabling speaker sharing across platforms and devices.
Game Boy Selfie	A selfie web filter that lets you capture yourself in a Nintendo Game Boy.
Succinct	Succinct makes it easy for students and teachers to generate content on a specific topic in presentation form.
Hackathon Simulator	Ever wonder what it's like to organize or attend a hackathon?
Herzi	We connect social events with live public transport information through a chat bot
Follow me	Autonomous drone assistant
PlaNET	Unleashing the all-seeing power of satellite imagery onto autonomous drones.
VisualTA	Sentiment Analysis to Improve Teaching
JOYN	JOYN platform enables real time collaboration between CoC organizations and their clients.
PayTrack	Android app which uses Deutsche bank's, foursquare's and Gmaps api to suggest places when travelling abrod
Money Accordion	It's a dollar bill that you play like an accordion.
partyDonator	party donator will make you become the responsible person you've always dreamed of. Try it and see it for yourself.
CZ - Burn To Earn	Harnessing the power of your phone to make crypto mining accesible, affordable and available.
Seer	Seer empowers the visually impaired by describing the world around them
Center Scope	Perfect Telescope Calibration Using Image Processing
Dreamcatcher	A surreal experience through dreamscape, play as Teddie to protect your owner from bad dreams!
Spawn	3D just got easier! Bring your Web Scenes to life like never before.
deepmersion	own your surroundings
PokeTrump.club	Join the club to poke Trump and maybe throw some PokeBalls
Organizr for Bitbucket (Server)	View, list, filter and manage all Pull Requests across the entire Bitbucket instance - without limits.
Congrats for Confluence	Congratulate your team members, friends and work colleagues on special occasions
~	~
Graf	A status based social experience
Flip Cards	Flip Cards for Whenhub: a sleek and mobile-friendly visualization
Ladder	Climb to new heights through machine-learning driven time management.
LitterPocalyse	Our game is simple but impactful; allowing youth to have fun picking up trash while educating them about litter.
Toucan	wikiHow for Pebble through voice recognition!
Time Bandit	Stealing History - One Piece At A Time
Aquatopia	A Monitoring, Alerting and Visualization System for Environmental Data.
CookBot	Smart Cooking Assistant on Facebook Messenger
Build Meister	Imagine talking to someone to get the status of builds and trigger new builds instead of logging into your computer!
Voice Based Word Games	We build voice games that help connect visually impaired people with their friends & family.
Challenge.gov	A partnership between the public and the government to solve important challenges.
eChing	A cleromancy machine based on the 3,000+ year old system of divination called the I Ching.
Unnati	A smart farming solution to help Farmers keep up with the digital world
Autonomous Airplane Pushback Vehicle	This vehicle is a semi-autonomous airplane pushback vehicle. This only a watcher is required for airplane taxis.
Blocks of Sugar	Blocks of Sugar connects diabetes patients by location so they can learn from and motivate one another
Helping Voice	Be a video chat translator for a refugee who needs help.
Hack Chair.js	theres a lot of chairs
Skillz	Lauda-te cu competentele tale si cauta persoane care te pot ajuta cind ai nevoie.
Curie Car Keyless Entry	Automatically unlock your car using BLE proximity and key fob iPhone app.
Job Grinder	We help private employers and employees match.
Collaborate.io	A collaboration tool in real time for develop with your friends and learn from others. Share your code at FB!
Hearthstone Card API	Updated and detailed card data from Blizzard Entertainment's popular online card game, Hearthstone
Real-Time Social Proof	Targeted real-time social notifications as people shop
StalkIt	An application to track anything!
Re+Solution	Math party game for kids
Computertop Desk	Use your desk as your computer: individual pieces of paper are windows!
Cthylla	The Pokémon Go + Geocaching on Ethereum with DIY authenticated BLE beacons for under $2 in parts.
Blockstreet	Blockstreet is an interactive environment for end to end development and testing of decentralized applications
Logical Intelligent Special Assistant [LISA] {TEAM 24}	LISA is a caregiver for seniors that can track, follow and remind, allowing them to live a healthy, independent life
ThinkVR	ThinkVR visualizes your mood allowing you to better understand and control your mental state.
Speakr	Learn to Talk!
Handshake	Universal Migrant Worker Contract on the blockchain to protect the universal human rights of migrant workers
Intercom for JIRA	Combine the simplicity of Intercom communication with the power of JIRA issue management
JSON Viewer Macro for Confluence	View formatted JSON Objects in Confluence page
Office Calendars for Confluence	Reliable team planning in Confluence - project success with a single calendar with dates from Outlook, JIRA & Trello
Theia	Cheap eye exams for third world countries
Blooming Garden	Small size automated home garden for your home
RefinedTheme for JIRA Service Desk Cloud	Making customisation of JIRA Service Desk simple.
Third Eye	A p2p platform to review smart contracts.
BankiBoti by Tap2Pay.me	Full bank in messenger. Investment advisor
BitBot	User friendly Alexa skill to analyze people's sentiments based on bitcoins trends
Dreamscapes	With "Dreamscapes," visitors unlock 3D versions of artworks and explore the stylized VR environments they inspire.
managewARe	ManagewARe is a MR based Software Ecosystem facilitating efficient Consumer Order & Warehouse Management.
Mr. Owl's Safari	“Take a day or night time walk on the wildlife with the Flir One”
SafeStride	You'll never feel unsafe, whether it be night or day, we always have your back!
The Joy of Painting in Virtual Reality	Paint alongside Bob Ross using Leap Motion and Oculus Rift for extreme immersion
Gavichede	gavichede
ToiletNet	მივცეთ ტუალეტს მეტი დანიშნულება
Duelr	Two player 3D sword fighting game implementing mobile phone accelerometers
Clow	Smart clinic registration app that predicts patients' illness using emotion analysis and machine learning.
EventEyes	An android application that converts a picture of a flyer into a calendar event and shows popular events in public.
Joke Inserter	Use humour while writing your e-mails. Add a joke to your messages when it is appropriate.
OpenDNA	Personalized genome analysis!
CarEye	A solar-powered device to alert you of forgotten baby inside an unattended vehicle
Starduino	It's a happy little Arduino who wants to stargaze with you.
Luncheon	Meet new friends for lunch.
GroupMyContacts	MHacks2015 Project
WE COME IN PEACE...	Arcade action is back, in 360°!
GATE-D	A Japanese Cyberpunk, virtual reality multi-stream story of a high-tech low-life salary man.
echo	Experience echolocation from the inside
Vektron Revenge	Inside an old arcade shooter, you use your gaze for movement to defeat waves of enemies all in full VR glory!
Offroad	Off Road: a Motorbike racing game with head movement controls.
Aetheria: Weekend Retreat	Welcome to Aetheria, home to Aetherial Meditations and Retreats
C4F Team - Mobile device management center	C4F Team - How to manage many mobie, table (cross platfrom) at the same time.
Markdown 4 What?!	A Chrome extension that renders Markdown on Facebook
capture-and-measure	Fishackathon 2015 Challenge 15-9
Dry Phone	Your Pocket, Protected
dangerous zone	make your community safe
Team 11: Binary Bounce	Connecting Coders & Creatives
Balancing Act	Whole Jobs for Whole People
Cash On Apps	Cash On Apps rewards you with mobile recharge while you download the apps of your choice.
Infobahn	Count all your chickens, before they hatch
Face Off	You smile, you win. You laugh, you lose...Now let's Face Off.
TOM	The only man who understands
Electri-City	An electrifying toy, that will help teach young children the fundamentals of circuits
EditPost	Because you're so 3008, and forms are so 2000 and late.
BroadbandTV Meal Nutrition API	BroadbandTV Meal Nutrition API
The Phone Magnet	A web-based service that tracks your smartphone without any data/internet connection.
Campus Claim	Swipe, Speak, and Score with the Campus Claim game, from Ball State University.
Aao Sochain	There is lack of citizen participation in what gets taught to children in Schools
Slack-Moi-Patience	Woopwoop trie et répond automatiquement aux questions répétitives afin de garder les conversations pertinentes
Alco-Mate™	Pocket breathalyzer that orders you tacos, calls an uber, and much more
Team Surge	Learn and track skills that matter. Soft skill video learning platform for anyone looking to succeed.
Crypto Chat	End to End Encryption Anywhere
inter•pet	Promoting healthy behavior by automatically calculating health data and personifying it as a virtual companion.
Doctor Pepper	a robot nurse assistant for grade school
Alfred	Customer Support, with a little more slack
Talking WhatsApp	Talking instead of typing WhatsApp messages with pure voice commands. No phones needed. Suits lazy guys best.
Cambo - The Camis Bot	Talk to me, Camis
diet-track	A web app where a user can store what (s)he ate and see what (s)he ate days earlier.
Selfie-Fun	Mobile app for detecting and analyzing faces (age, gender, celebrity ) in your selfies!
TapGenes- Your family's health story	Your Health.  Your Legacy.  Their Future.
Drone data logger with RF	We built a system which collects weather data from altitudes by using different sensors and a home made drone.
POLL: Pong Over Laser Link	Wireless video gaming.
BubbleZap 3D	Pop all of the bubbles before time runs out!
AskNigel	A talking monkey with AI
Cookie Monster	Crowd-Controlled Cookie Monster Robot
Schoop.space	Get the scoop on school. Transcripts of classes for parents to find out what their kids learned.
ByCatchID	Observers Community ByCatch Species Identification Service
Fishclassifier	We created a portable, scalable, software and hardware solution that classifies fish even if it is still alive.
FortyOne	Have you ever been in a place, free for a few hours, full of energy and no idea of what to do? We solve that!
LoopWatch	A hybrid application that gives contextual information about the nearest loop buses at UCSC.
SSH 4 SMS	Your texting app becomes a powerful and secure terminal on-the-go with SSH 4 SMS
Saturation	Technology and Nature collide as you solve captivating puzzles to bring color and life back to an unassuming planet.
Pursuit VR (Cardboard)	An extreme fast Virtual Reality racing game with challenges. Race at your best!
Match It! - The ultimate price matching app.	Don't like the price? Match it with the Match It app.
TechRoot	Crowdfunding and MarketPlace for Student Hacker, Singapore Edition
SPACELIKE - A Thinking Ape	VanHackathon - A Thinking Ape - Game
xx	xx
Damnfields	A VR video game where you literally have to use your head to solve fun puzzle levels!
Uber Cheap	Save money while riding uber using UberCheap
Spot	A personal companion that acts like a dog or dances to music, developed using iRobot's Roomba platform
lifesaber	App that turns any person into a cardiac arrest first responder and life saver
Swagathon	Your laptop stickers are evaluated with OpenCV. You are given a 'hacker score', so you can compare with others.
eyeServant	Get your stuff in the blink of an eye! The eyeServant will pick up and deliver whatever you look at.
Circumpaint	Paint and animate on a canvas that completely surrounds you using your GearVR!
noPassword	forget your password
Brand Killer	Real World AdBlock
Obodo - Find, Learn, Connect	A complete ecosystem of support for the formerly incarcerated, their families and the organizations that serve them.
Shituation	Are you having a Shituation? Worry no more, we'll show you toilets nearby!
Zleek	The app will find clothes that match your style by going through the fundamental rules of fashion consulting.
Pop Stores by Zalando	Digitizing offline Fashion Markets.
Meltdown	Thermal camera based lighting and energy precision control.
MukiTrump	MukiTrump will make your morning great again!
HAPI	Give us an URL, we will tell you if it is fake news.
1FridgeNet	Make your fridge sentient with FridgeNet and achieve fridgularity!
SnapGlasses	Have fun 3D printing your own eyeglass & sunglass frames. Customizable to your own style!
SurpriseMe	A web app for those who feels bored
BS-Sense	Ever wonder how uninformed the general populace is? Time to find out!
Gotcha!	Meeting somewhere? Access your Friend's location, find out the distance and time and see updated locations at map.
GdayPay	Seamless, safer checkout using your device
Email Organizing	Help you to organize your email inbox in your way
Patient Feedback By Text Message with NLP	Patient Feedback By Text Message with Natural Language Processing (NLP)  --- Patricia Falto & Denis Pohja
Halfway	Meetups made easy
cmd-vortex	Transfer files from command line.
Look UP	Context aware app with Alohar SDK awesome feel with location tracking involved
SheepCart	Find cheap supermarket prices in your city.
Noflix	Netflix and chill? No more apathetic dates, we'll find you something better
SessionGround	Visualize your desktop usage
Quink	Read and share the news faster w/out leaving the page you’re on w/ page + article summaries on link hover.
Linux Driver for Myo Armband	Allows your Myo Armband to talk with Linux at the native level!
Calligraphr	Chinese character learning app for Google Glass
CareSwears	The only application that gives back to the community for your bullshit
Mind vs Might	Arm-wrestle with yourself or your friends with a mind-controlled robotic arm
Departures SF Bay	Find departures times of surrounding buses and trains in an augmented reality view
Commit Policy for JIRA	Verify the changes committed to Git, Subversion, Mercurial and Bitbucket Server against configurable rules
Ultimate Permissions Manager for Confluence	Confluence Permissions may cause headaches - Ultimate Permission Manager heals it and makes you smile
FitFactor	Two factor authentication unlocked by healthy habits.
TextDB	A Database Service For Your Dumb Phone
Schola	College Counseling at your Fingertips
Love Letter	love letters to strangers
Game of Votes	We believe that the 2016 elections have reached a Game of Thrones level of absurdity.
Illustratr	An application that intelligently generates illustrations for text such as children's stories.
MissionComputable	A hack to teach kids programming (category): Coding concepts
InstaTag	InstaTag is a webapp that helps businesses and nonprofits optimize their social media campaigns via machine learning.
HackProphecy	Foreseeing the success of your hack
mPower	A patient-centered electronic health record for people to access and engage with their health record at any time.
MDP Retrieve Medical Center	The Retrieve mobile platform fills the communication and learning gaps left by archaic rigid LMSs.
Pixer	Easily edit and save images from the web directly into Pixer with 1 click!
Dis Mah Jam	It's tinder, but for jam
Mercury Motion : The Real Time Life Saver	An Intelligent IoE Application based on Whispir,Alohar and IBM Api to provide instant relief and save precious life
After-the-disaster	Our app provides easily available education in post natural and man-made disaster regions.
Half Baked Input	We want to create a way to interact with a computer while using a VR headset.
IOT4.US	Scratch for IoT
Just another space game with rocks	Swing your hands to smash space rocks as they come at you!  This uses motion tracking and virtual reality!
Open Data Mashup Machine	Generate a list of opendata sets for your mashup
Legacy Scribes	Digitize handwritten journals into shareable, searchable text. We do it fast and cheap, and host it online for you.
Microfinances	Donate/Invest money to needy people
Pussy Match	Tinder for cats
Slip Shot	Text images to anyone from your browser.
Graduation Rate Estimator	To bridge the gap between statistics and decision making by developing a tool that predicted graduation rates.
SnackHack	Use the cloud to avoid the crowd.
Myo Music Mixer (3M)	Mix sounds like a DJ using a Myo armband and a Leap Motion Controller. Immerse yourselves in music.
NightMode	beware the spooky night!!
SplitStreamr	Split the data cost of streaming music between iOS devices using a mesh network
Guess Hue?	Given a color, take a picture of something of that color in under thirty seconds. Points awarded for best match.
Helix	Making your doctor a touch away.
Arpeggio	The fastest, most natural music composition tool ever made.
POI nearby for Galaxy Gear	discover the city
Smart Hub	Smart Hub allows to gather content from different services on one screen of the Gear smartwatch
DotToDot	A very British coaching and challenge platform for API integrations
Holdup	Send Gamified Messages to Your Friends!
DeepWatch	Don't watch in oblivion. Dive deep into it!
Focus	Are you a procrastinator? Do you like inconvenience? Then try our chrome extension!
Flight Pal - social for travelers of the same flight	Flight Pal helps an Air Berlin passenger at the airport find info on city, food, uber rideshare and travel partner.
LightHouse	Giving financial independence back to the vulnerable
Wiplo	Your company's entire workflow in one highly customizable, collaborative interface.
Mude	Keep your mood up with music all across the room
GPU.js	GPU Accelerated JavaScript (with js fallback)
Watch Them Sweat	Heart rates form any video!
Retro LasAR Bash	AR Laser Tag with a retro twist
EX - Priceless	Shopping? Expensive. Social shopping? Priceless.
AI - Slap Slap Hamster	Hamster Slap Slap
CJ - FoodGeeks	Your solution to easy DIY recipes, where you can filter allergies, illnesses, cuisine preferencees to suit your needs
MindOverMadder	Mind Over Madder is a game where you shoot down negativity with your brains.
Sleep Study	High school can be a nightmare...
Rube Codeberg	Okay, so picture this: a Rube Goldberg, but with CODE
HackTube	A Chrome extension that fights online harassment by filtering out comments with strong language.
PicTranslator	This chat bot translates English text images to other languages and converts text images to audio files.
Tagger News	An enhanced version of Hacker News that lets users sort and filter posts by topic.
BYODevice Demand Response	A powerful tool that allows for renewable energy growth and decarbonization of our power grid
Spotify Together - Table 5c	One Spotify queue. All your friends!
RIPE - Food Rescue Impact Token	40% of food produced in U.S. gets wasted. RIPE is a mechanism that tokenizes excess food redistribution.
MentorCoin	Connecting Junior developers with mentors through the StandardBounties Smart Contract
U3	A way for users to unionize and take collective action to increase bargaining power.
CityBeat	Get the heartbeat of the city !
Omnicode	Omnicode is a unified mobile client for Bitbucket & Github. Browse repos, commits & review pull requests on the go
When We Meet Again	A great way to keep track of things to do with someone. #WWMA
Urban Walkthrough VR	Walk through a route in a re-planned city
Clever Beans	You have already won the fight - now battle to remain standing as the crowd shower you with adoration - and more!
swip	Connect multiple smartphones to create physical ui experiences
Elegant Resume	A neat, elegant resume web builder with dashboard
Accumulab	Passive Collection and Active Collaboration for the academic, industrial, and government research spaces.
ResQ	A Way for Refugees to Seek Shelter with Ease
Real - Time Ops Center	City and Regional Planning/Planners/Operations in an Fully 3D Augmented Reality Environment
arti: A Philadelphia Museum of Art Experience	Immerse in the audio open world stories of Philadelphia Museum of Art. Leave a voice memo for others to come across.
Mission Liberty VR	Save the world with your friends from the robot attack on Liberty Spaceship
A Flight Tracker	Get the latest flight information from most major U.S. airlines
Visualize, Quantify, Optimize GE data	Visualize, Quantify and Optimize Warehouses, MRO sites and production facilities
Netflix BingeWatcher	Trigger actions (like food delivery) when you bingewatch Netflix
ReROUTE	Software for Modelling and Experimenting with Automatic Train Control.
Magnifirewall	Lets you take a closer look at what's going on on your network
GoatHub	Have you ever wanted to rate goats? Now you can. Introducing: GOATHUB. Think GitHub.... yeah, it's nothing like that.
AI learns 2048	Self learning evolutionary neural network learns to play 2048
Salazar the Spark Bot	Sales Analytics In Cisco Spark
Project Open Heart	VR Open Heart Surgery With Alexa as a Virtual Nurse
Club Robot	Paymentless Payments
Roll-Out	Smart way to deploy your PHP based webapp on to the cloud with No Downtime
B0pb0t	Bopbot: Making Mealtime Awesome
Robotic xylophone and EEG	Watch and listen as you play music with your brain!
Intellectual Credit Repository(ICR)	Uber for loan credibility
Rockin' A Sweet Seat	Car Seats need to be smarter. Data for parents, kids and the manufacturer is critical. Let's make a better seat!
LiveWaterMaps	Online system for crowdsourcing and mapping water quality data using GPS and time data for anyone, anytime, anywhere
HydroMarker	Customizable visualization of GPS-time data using modular mission equipment mounted on drones to test water
Devpost Portfolio API	Display your Devpost portfolio anywhere
Novesta	Fantasy Football, but with Cryptocurrency! — Educating the Next Generation about Smart Investment
SSH Bot	A Facebook Messenger Chat Bot that is going to allow you to connect through SSH into your server.
Oasis - The ultimate IoT hub	Get publishing and subscribing to your MQTT devices in minutes!
Intuit Quickbooks Recovery	http://www.recoverydeletedfiles.com/quickbooks-recovery-tool.html
Merge Facebook Dev Circles by Interests	Chrome extension that filters through FB Dev Circles around the world to get posts of your interest in your feed.
Quick Insurance	Protect the things you want and when you want
Exposed	Search for a company and find all of the primary shareholders to predict the best stock option.
Colossal Ascent	A 2d arcade platformer game with a custom peripheral that wirelessly connects to Unity via an Arduino with Wifi.
alexa-accessible	Improving smart home accessibilty, unifying smart homes platforms
GErryBot	Slack chatbot to increase visibility into real-time production and plant operations, any time, anywhere
cashless	Cashless uses beacons in the bus so users can pay automatically when they board the bus. Boarding data is sent to VTA
ArtformAR	ArtformAR lets you annotate art in augmented reality and use the paintings as constellations to navigate a museum.
ColumnFormatter	Easy editor for modern listview Column Formatting
HackCU_RemoteDataProcessing_Zumilink	A prototype for remote data processing via edge analytics and efficient communication over RF link for surveillance
Home WiFi ~ Alexa Skill	Alexa Skill that tells visitors your wifi password
SMS Maps	Text your way to the destination: Receive directions through SMS without internet!
BuildFax Counts	BuildFax Sales & Marketing teams can now get counts in Slack instead of waiting a week for sales support to respond
Newbie	Newbie is a way to fight fake news as a community. Avoid reading unreliable sources and help others avoid them too
Action Timers	Customizable timers for high intensity, interval training.
MyDoctor	MyDoctor is a medical appointment booking chat bot platform which can connect every possible GP clinics and doctors
Scroll Document Versions for Confluence	Create, view, and compare versions of content and its structure to keep track of changes to documents over time
Agile Retros for JIRA	Choose top three things to improve each sprint and build a high-performance team
Tools Management for Brilliant Manufacturing	Efficient allocation and usage of shared tools between operations
Shoebotics	A personal following cargo robot for all of your personal following cargo robot needs.
Baby Buddy	A resource to educate women in Kenya on pregnancy.
Smart Elephant	Smart Elephant uses Alexa to send timed reminders to your mobile phone.
Github Dark Theme	It's a chrome extension that makes github dark
Social Credit Tab	A Social Credit Score based credit adjudication platform for merchants to extend customers store tab privileges.
phabreek	We provide you African clothings like you've never seen them before.
your pacifier	"YourPacifier" is a smart pacifier to support your children and you.
SellSiili	One man's trash is another man's treasure
M&T Platform	Dashboard for Driver Management & Truck Track Recording
BeThere	Stop watching videos or posted photos of your friends, just Be There
Swift Meeting & Swift Webinar	Quickly Connect Meetings
EmpowerMemes	Empowerment: You don't have to be different than you are to be worthy
Open Pokémon	It's not just a game.
My Fridge	Do not waste any more food!
Murammat	An app that creates a report of a problem like open drain, broken roads and stuff, takes users' votes and sends sms.
A Jumping Ape! A Thinking Ape, Create a game Challenge	An incredible addictive infinity jumper game to challenge your skills and break your own records
fhirStarters	helps our family douse the medication inferno one alert at a time
Blackfriars Theatre VR	Immersively walk around a historically accurate reconstruction of Shakespeare's Blackfriars Theatre
EzKeze	Plugin for browser to enable end-to-end encrypted text to be sent over any channel, automatically
prep4.tech	Prep4tech helps programmers prepare for technical interviews and reinforce their technical background.
Virtual Classroom - Wacom WILL Edition	Teach, Train or Collaborate with ease with our Virtual Classrooms
Finamic	Fintech cum jarvis based system that takes voice inputs to generate stock reports and graphs
Falcon	An intelligent semantic full-page internet history browser
Ghost Pursuit VRGC	Ghost Pursuit is a new generation Pac-Man, with a touch of Bomberman. It's fun, simple and made with love :)
TCSPredixTempAnalysis	TempForecasting
Devpost software form redesign	A cleaner, more straightforward layout to make submitting your software even simpler.
Devpost image gallery captions	Adding captions to project image galleries on Devpost
Will It Win?	We attempt to predict whether a hackathon project will win based on the words in its description.
Savor	Its an application that proposes a solution and creates awarness about food wastage.
SenseAg	SenseAg helps farmers make smart irrigation decisions by using analytics to provide insightful, timely information.
I Can Move	Power assist wheels for manual wheelchairs that boost the thrusting and breaking force of weak hands.
Water Tamer	Automatic water usage control by consumers' profile learning
VIA - Visual Impairment Assistant	VIA helps the visually impaired gain awareness of the environment.
Umbra Rota	Using Social Impact Improving Driving Experience
Vohab	Continuous speech-tracking wearable helps users improve their vocabulary habits (or vohabulary, vohab for short).
Drone Regulator	Fly your drone with PS4 controller while never breaking drone laws.
IOUme	IOUme is a peer-to-peer small loan lending platform for CapitalOne customers.
FishPal - Your fishing partner!	A mobile partner for practical solutions during your fishing trips.
Loki	An intelligent conversational guide to your local community.
Sharon	Interaction like you've never seen before
PolyChat	A multilingual chat platform
git diffed	diff github users
llevamex	Route Mexico City using multi-modal transportation system
TESTFLIGHT	The first published google cardboard openworld game
My-Best-Helper  Account creation Android app	An inovative and smart process of creation of the user profile with native Android
TACOBOT	Deliver tacos around outdoor locations
Worklife	Worklife helps teams run highly effective meetings.
VRogue	First person turn based dungeon crawler
Detecting and Visualizing Prostitution Rings #teamthorn	Our software uses phrase matching to discover hidden prostitution rings, to help prevent child prostitution.
S.P.Y. Robot VR	A unique mix of stealth, hacking, puzzle and action elements.
Totals for Uber	All your Uber numbers in one place!
WakeyWakey	You're too busy to browse. Tell WakeyWakey what you want to know, and it'll text you each morning with curated info.
Places Now	The beach in Barceloneta is crowded? That restaurant has a 1 hour wait? You’ll know before you even leave your door.
autochime	Autochime automatically reacts to violence, and records audio evidence while notifying trusted parties
project-surat	A mobile first location based file sharing application.
Motion Map	Motion track the number of customers in your retail store and receive statistics!
aDotInTime	A meditation App
Slay The Burrito Monster	Get together with your friends, track your healty activities, and slay Burrito Monsters!
Quadcopter stunt pilot game	Concept is to have fun with your quadcopter. Get points for spins, rolls, landings, combined stunts.
Echo Audio Bible	A better audio bible for the Amazon Echo. Remembers where you are. Knows your favorite verses. Finds relevant verses.
TravelX	Because sharing is saving
Hacking Brainwaves	Decoding brain electrical activity to uncover a person's psychology
fitness-quest	A cooperative, D&D inspired approach to full body health!
RefugeeBiz	Digitally connecting refugee owned businesses with young socially conscious consumer.
Look Out	Inform, prevent, protect - https://youtu.be/SyZR6YoAdHY
Rndr	Rndr is augmented social media! It allows users to post virtual objects in the physical world for other users to see!
HackPass	HackPass is your global passport for Hackathons
Hrydyalysis	Hrydyalysis is an artificial intelligence system for Automated ECG diagnosis and Multiple disease detection
Blacoin	Coolest and easiest carpooling platform
eZ Image Editor	The official Image Editor plugin for the eZ Publish CMS
HooYu	A bird's eye view of your organization's most valuable resource: people!
SaveUrPlanet	Climate change is real and it is happening right now! We need to work collectively together and stop procrastinating!
Hacktrack	Hacktrack is a simple yet powerful hackathon administration tool
Secret Set	A place where artists can create exclusive sets for their fans.
Tectum	Tectum
Cosmic Wave	Internet through voice call!
Travel Translator for Gear	voice translation, voice recognition, translator
EasyDial	Hate calling customer support? Alexa will do it for you!
WeChat Gospel Guide bot	A chat bot integrating with WeChat platform to deliver a guided Bible learning experience for seekers and believers.
Raspberry Pi Pie	It's a raspberry pi pie. Note: not gluten free.
HappyBusStop	Emotion based advertising system for bus stops
Haiku Chat	The perfect chat client for Haiku lovers everywhere!
Frosty the AI Fish	Why read your tweets, when you can have a Christmas fish read them for you?
FitZoom	FitZoom brings the stunning visual effects of an interplanetary VR app to your daily workout.
My3DStore	Supermarket shopping in Virtual Reality
Part Repair through Digital Twin and Mixed Reality	Enabling the Field Service Engineer with Digital Twin and to initiate part repair through Mixed Reality in Hololens
AncestorCloud	The Marketplace for Family Discovery
CashMesh	IOT platform with cloud analytics for stores to provide efficient customer-friendly consulting and space optimization
Griiinta	The amateurs widest and most famous league!
MagicCarpet.CLUB	Take VR Magic Carpet ride trip deep into your consciousness to unlock its potential.
PGP2IMG	The easiest way to discreetly protect your files
LiveHealthy	A complete health care system
coffeegrindr	It's like Grindr, but for having coffee with people
Solar Tracker / Bee Tracker	Automated Arduino Solar Tracker that Powers BeeHive Tracking to Prevent Colony Collapse
Sustainable Supper  (Solving Problem 15-6)	Connecting consumers with sustainable food options.
Live Dance Floor	Dance is a fundamental way we express & socialize. We bring the joy of dancing online, with a live social dance floor
Whappy Cube	Gather around boys and girls of all ages, it's time to play the latest squishy gaming craze: Whappy Cube.
RPi-KittyCam	Raspberry Pi app using a camera & PIR sensor, written in Node.js w/ Johnny-Five & Kittydar for cat facial detection
CyanTranslate	Powerful System-wide Text Manipulation on CyanogenMod
Call bot	We make calling tech support (and everything else) easy!
Mailroom	We make outlook smarter
Watch Sloth	Smart alarm system
UberWatch	UberWatch notifies you if Uber potentially owes you money
Mya	your career app to prepare, springboard and learn smarter & more efficiently
Cozy Flat Mail Reader VR	Read Mails and view Videos / Web pages from the mails in the relaxing privacy of your cozy flat in virtual reality
Removed	Removed
Autoscope	Change the perspective, enhance the familiar.
de Mobo Slides	Present Anywhere with de Mobo Slides
Papyrus - Natural Note Taking	Papyrus is a powerful and intuitive natural handwriting note-taking app - now with presentation mode!
lingo inline	Language learning in context
Market Riddler	Riddle me this: Gamification for the offline world. Connect online-data with customers in your real-world store.
MOBQI	MOBQI é um sistema integrado entre WEB e APPS que permitem que qualquer cidade se torne Inteligente em sua mobilidade
Puffin	Puffin is a bluetooth sip-puff joystick mouse that will make people and their mobile devices truly mobile!
Alt Text Bot	Alt Text Bot is a browser extension that adds descriptions to images on the web for people who are blind.
Time Machine Walking Tours	Making Time Travel So Easy, Anyone Can Do It
Bull Run	Allows users to learn the fundamentals of investing in the U.S. Stock Market and enhance financial literacy
Eevr	Because GIFs lasts for eevr
LostConnection	Lost on Oblivion Avenue without wifi or data? Get directions instantly sent to your phone!
Beathoven	AI Song Composer in python
Venmo Dash	Venmo Dash is a novel web application that leverages Venmo's APIs to schedule payments and analyze your cash flows.
Formfor.me	Fill Out Applications | Hassle Free
WalkingNavi!	Travel companion that guide user to the place using smartwatch pedestrian navigation
Dice!	Play and roll a Dice on Gear 2. App consists the list of connected games to play on Galaxy Tab!
ICommuter：For better city life	Massive information integration, Numerous services customization and Optimization travel options
andriOS	Android meets Apple — run iPhone apps on your Android
Water Curtain	Art displays using multiple water streams.
DewGood (Invention/Brand/Social Movement)	Your lawn sucks... water. Join the DewGood Moisture Gardening movement.
Flash Me	Flash Me is a hack that allows you to learn on the go and track your own academic performance.
TVTalk	It's IRC on your TV
got mesh?	The most cheap and simplistic open source 3D scanner, with no moving parts.
Pickup	Forget cloud storage - with Pickup you can leave files on your hard drive ready to be picked up anytime, anywhere
Outta Ma' Way!	3 - Challenge your friends… 2 - Make your way… 1 - Take ’em out… GO!
Late Night with Amazon	Targeting college students and late night party goers who are looking for a hillarious impulse buy!
Welcome to Canada	Helping newcomers to Canada transition into Canadian society
Appgebra	Educational app that helps you solve math problems by handwriting them like you would on a piece of paper.
IslandSimulator	A simple, relaxing island evolution simulation, which slowly develops over time
vitalsBand e-wearable & e-textile,  VOTE Today	vitalBand - new technology to monitor vital signs anytime, anywhere via mobile app
EtherHealth	Reimagining healthcare delivery
Requirement Phone	easy and simple system for get victim's requirements via phone
Muscle	Collaborative gaming experience with your own muscle built with: Unity (C#), Thalmic Myo
MimeSound	Play virtual instruments in an immersive environment - complete with motion capture and virtual reality technology.<3
RE:sign	Basic Sign Language I/O Model using a Leap Motion
PhotoMate	PhotoMate prints pictures at your local Walgreens and delivers them to your door so you can get on with your life.
paper graph	Discover links between journal articles you use and uncover relevent new sources
oncoBOT	A computer vision program that uses machine learning to identify cancerous cells in the lungs
Code-X	An unparalleled collaboration experience: Escape the ultimate zombie apocalypse！
USDA Free and Reduced Lunch Application	Designed to improve the process of applying for school lunch by providing an online, interactive platform.
USDA Lunch UX Form	USDA Interactive User Driven Web-Based Lunch Form
Shower With Friends	An IoT invention that motivates us to conserve water
Peas and Carrots	Putting families on the path to good nutrition, this form eases the way to enrolling in the USDA school lunch program
Bueller	Real time data for professors and teachers who want the best
OMIsMedixi	Pharmaceutical Comparison , AI Doctor, Online Selling , Online Appointment , Search Doctors and Online Doctor
RunGO : Special Force	DO NOT JUST RUN, It's RunGO Time
Droidboard	Droidboard is a Python script that will convert an iOS storyboard into a working Android app.
the Clapper, reinvented	The original clapper, reinvented. Clap to turn on/off up to 6 different appliances with clap combos.
Click-Shot	Control your camera with the remote V.BTTN! Trim and merge your clips to create seamless videos.
Zoo Simulator	You play as a Gorilla trying to capture a child
Pro-Bot	Application which illustrates basic coding logic through fun, buildable, programmable drones
Template Designer for Word	Design legal and brand compliant templates that can be uses for all subsidiaries, brands and employees globally
STFH: Stream the F* Hack	Stream the F* Hack with Atom and see it in your browser
GIF Palette	A personal palette of gifs and images that you can paste into any conversation
Speed control with rotary sensor	Slows down the pace of a motor if the banking angle surpasses a threshold for safety
ProactoThermo 3002	A proactive addition for home thermostats which allows for more efficient heating and cooling times.
Tower Defriendz	An iMessage game of tower defense where friends take turns attacking and defending
YouCallMD - COMS (Cognitive On-Call Messaging System)	15 Minutes or 15 Seconds. The right doctor, right now, every time. A complete medical communication solution.
ItineratR	Tired of planning out your vacation? No worries, IteneratR is here for you!
Trumpify	Recurrent Neutral Network to talk like Trump, based on your speech and text analysis. Your Trump AI at your fingers.
Ziyou	Freedom (ziyou) from traffic a click away
Smoke Detector Detector	A detector for your smoke detector
Alexa & Dragons	Let Alexa be your Dungeon master in this fantasy role-playing game!
Catch me if you CAN.	We developed the most realistic car driving simulator ever.
EatTrack	Track your diet in a smart way
Pet Recovery	Connects lost pets with their owners.
Drop by Drop:  NW Milk Bank Donation WebApp	Earn All Star Milk Status!
skribble	The magic notebook you always needed
ShowMemeDaWay	A Text Based Meme Subscription using a MEAN Stack
BU - Punnity	Right puns the write way!
BlinkLink	Program enabling a user listening to a Bluetooth item to seamlessly switch between devices, depending on audio input
My MindSweeper	Helping those with mental illness safely traverse their personal minefields
Spot	Event Based Weather - React Native
Magic In The Browser	Play Magic, The Gathering with friends online, anywhere
Foodship	A web app connecting homeless shelters to restaurants willing to donate leftover food
CFM Matcher	Ever wanted to watch a Habs game, but none of your friends wanted to go with you! Check out CTF matcher!
memVRy	memVRy creates a virtual memory palace for users to explore and learn content through visual, spatial, and audio cues
Swing	A machine learning model to find the anthem for your life
Alpha	A crowd-sourced dashboard for reporting crime, complete with your own personal virtual guardian.
Metamorphosis	A tool for watching changes between Revit models, addin and Dynamo.
Pub BRawl	Pub BRawl is a probabilistic pub crawl route finder for London, integrating crime records, reviews, TfL and NHS data
Yum coin	Cap-and-trade credit tracking for food waste with credits earned through donations to food banks
Papa stalin goes to war	Top down cold war era online multiplayer tower defense game
TRINITY - Decentralized Identity Management	User buys auto insu, reserves hotel room, gets health coverage without sharing actual identity data (DL, SSN, DOB)
Scroll ImageMap	Bring Confluence images to life with multiple clickable link areas and mouseover tooltips that engage and inform
Project: Refund	Don't carry your receipts again! Make keeping track of your purchases and your life easier!
AssistantBot	A slack bot that provide knowledge search platform for students to capture knowledge inside Slack conversations
Left - Recipes by Ingredients	Left is an iOS app that lets you search–from over 200,000 recipes–for recipes that use the ingredients you have left.
Magpie	An app that innovates the typical group chat
Obilis	Obilis lets you meet people who share your taste in music and discover new music through them.
Oz Birds	Discover photos, videos and sounds about unique Australian birds
Teacher substitution app with Alexa companion skill	Imagine you are a student. With this app you get notifications for your lessons.
Carachute	Carachute takes all of the guesswork out of donating and ensures charities receive their most needed items.
WhyURL	A Link Shortener for Charity
ChartPort MD	A cloud application for healthcare professionals to easily access and modify records of their patients.
Lend	The airbnb for things.
PepperPay	The fun way to buy goods from your favorite retailers.
FutureMap	A framework for the visualization of trends of geograpically-based data sets
Sound Box	Let's hear all sorts of sounds from sound box, sounds of animals and monsters and all
Repair Corrupt Excel File	TO repair corrupt Excel file data
Plan of Attack	4 player competitive tactical shooter
Food Manager	Food Manager is an Alexa skill designed to decrease food wastage and increase food donations.
Help.	Create a platform for empowering women to help other women in their times (of the month) of need.
Aqua Iot Display	A water based display that could be controlled wirelessly
Aici sunt banii dumneavoastra!	How much money we pay to the state? YOU definitely need to know this!!
SuperUdù	Workplace bot
Math Rounds	2D cross-platform game that intends to promote interest in math
Baylexa	Imagine Baymax (Big Hero 6) and (Amazon) Alexa: Your Virtual Healthcare Companion
Workflow	Desktop Productivity on your iPad
Mesa 84 - FoodScripts	Equipo 100% mexicano, con el propósito de mejorar la experiencia de un Hackathon
BuildBot	Create builds and deployments with a chat bot running on Azure Functions that you interact with via Slack.
Face-To-Name	It remembers peoples names, so you don't have to.
Personal Responsive WordPress Website	I finally took the time to build my personal website to showcase my work to potential clients.
Game of Drones	Use your smartphone to control robots playing in an Arena
My Pocket: Unofficial Pocket Skill in Alexa	Voice-enabled Pocket Client. No computers, no phones.
Party Time	The Perfect Party Planner
Busmate	Track the location of your bus as well as the upcoming stops, nearby landmarks and events.
Last Mile Club	We solve the last mile problem by matching you with passengers on your flight going to similar destinations.
AirKeyNtre	Handing over your Airbnb key secure without any hassle
EduPro	It is an intelligent search engine which analyzes and displays results to achieve utmost efficiency in all areas
Pharmassist	Accessible Prescription Labels
ChallengeRocket - Run bot battles in your dev circle!	Connecting developers through creative coding challenges & code battles.
Movr	A way for elderly people to get medicine without having to get up and move around and search for it
TrustUs	Smart legal contracts for everyone.
Visual Catalog Map	An intuitive visual map of products to help you narrow down on that perfect item
ainomaly	Canadian Special Forces Command Incidence Response Automated Analysis by Artificial Intelligence
Animal Workout	Become different animals while getting exercise.  Great for rainy days and sunny days too!
GoDJ!	Major Key Alert! This iOS app will make sure you're always ahead and know exactly what to play next at every party.
OneApp	Try a new app instantly
Reflexion	Reflexion is a social media analytic product providing analytic dashboards based on big data and machine learning
BlindSpot	An elegant solution for memory and visual impairment.
radAR	Bridging the gap between careful planning and spontaneity.
ReactTube	Capturing reactions to videos, using AI to analyze the emotions of the user, and visualizing the data and insights
GIPHY Face Swap	Replace faces in GIPHY GIFs
Pusheen Sell	An easy way to sell your stuff – just push, and sell!
Distributed ID (DIID)	The solution to digital user identity
QuickLook	Hyper video scrubbing using Faster RCNN for monitoring public video surveillance feeds.
InfinityCloud	Unlimited file storage for free using Google Photos
CityFind	A funny way to discover the city. Compete with your friends to see who is the fastest one!
WristPass	A wearable Electro-Biometric transmission watch and app for secure and reconfigurable personal identification.
AirBand	Rock out alone or with your friends. All you need is a leap motion, and funk.
Bonsai	A system that presents your plant's needs as a Tamagotchi pet
Q	Maintaining lines without standing around: select a place/event, check in on the app, and go during your time slot
FOCUS	Computer Vision App that tracks people and vehicles in a scene taken from a stationary video surveillance camera.
Loc8r	integrated Bike Tracking System
Wheezer	A lung function testing device for asthmatics
TritonLife	One stop events calendar for coordinators, students & staff
BikeParking.Club	We provide freedom for you and your bike by creating social parking system.
Teslapathic	Telepathic Tesla. Control a Tesla with your mind!
Party Parrot Message	Create text using party parrot gifs
HandWashMonitor	To maintain hygiene of hands in hospitals or restaurants, Smart watch on the hand can monitor how clean the handsare
RDSM	remote door security monitor, that is battery operated and simple to attach to any door
Ratheror - Interactive Event Organizing Buddy	Those people in charge of coordinating conferences,classroom or meetup but in a Humble Chat Bot Form!
Farm Radar	A modular remote sensing system that scans agricultural and environmental data and gives real time feedback.
VR Reader	Read eBooks in the comfort of VR.
Questify	Anonymize your in-class /r/uwaterloo browsing!
mybesthelper	Novel user intake - a challenge for VanHackathon 20 - 22 May 2016
LifeMesh	Help Where It's Needed
iSight	An interface that lets the blind utilize the greatest resource of this century, computers.
SpotinSpire	SpotinSpire believe that music is the universal language, we connect people's emotions and inspirations.
dropit	Dropit removes the hassle of scheduling meetings between buyers and sellers.
Glados	Traffic sign maintenance requires lot of time and effort. Lets automate that with deep neural networks!
CrowdMill	Where is everyone going? We identify people from video and tell you where they went.
WonderWall	Get onboard for new adventures through visual & tailored travel recommendations and seamless booking integration
Colette	Anti Theft Smart Purse
Soundify	A skill that interacts with the user by prompting a sound and user has to identify it.
ETHDenver Mural: Down the Rabbit Hole	An interactive blockchain experience. Come experience how the blockchain actually works: PoW, encrypted messaging, et
Stampify	An integrated classroom web app to encourage participation through scoring and milestones
Carroll	Exploratory, escape the room video game with whimsical theme.
Be a donor [beta version]	donor,be a donor,be a donor save a life
BWCalendar	the main idea of my project (calendar) is to quickly inform people about every celebrations
Booster	Work Out with the Sixth Sense
A Better Mousetrap	A mousetrap that lets the pest control companies provide fast response and gather relevant data about vermin control
Protect&Swerve	American teens in the USA today are unaware of police brutality and how it affects them. We are trying to solve this!
FaceKeeper	Keep notes attached to dude's face
Unbiased News Insights	Using Watson Technology to analyze news through Watson Personality and AlchemyAPI
HOT SPOT	Optimize with Sixth Sense
DomDirector	Create websites with voice and motion detection!
Promulgate	A little clonoid of Queen's Hacks's "Propagate," written in Mathematica.
Hackathon Button	a dynamic button for hackathon organizers to put on their landing pages
Taggly	With Taggly you can tag and discuss your favorite products found in videos and provide a one-click buy link.
mEat Safely	1 click no sick
paperpush	ACH payments for freelancers and businesses
Hadoop Log Search	search Hadoop logs in Ambari
MonkeyLearn	Monkeylearn is Text Mining Made Easy! Extract and classify information from text. Integrate with your App in minutes.
git++	Make git commands through leap motion gestures. The power of git is in your hands.
MusicFace	Personalized Spotify Playlists based on your face!
FishBowl	Helping Consumers Find and Eat Sustainable Seafood
HomeChef	An ingredients-oriented recipe app that allows you to make delicious food, even with an empty fridge!
full-stack javascript	developing a project in a single language
Farmzie	Farmzie connects farmers to markets while coordinating their efforts and increasing farm sustainability.
USDA: sustainable US food system	An Interactive Choropleth Map of US, Showing Fruit Growing Areas based on NASS Data
Capture-The-Tag	An Android capture the flag game using NFC tag chips.
Board	Hassle-free bill splitting
Mountain-back	The sky fills with flight, the ground rolls and quakes, lookout down below when the mountain awakes.. #mountainrising
TraGect	TraGect VR is a flying game that invites players to navigate a beautiful and dangerous sky world.
Snow Fight	Play in a VR winter wonderland. Defend yourself against the other kids and watch out for the snowmen!
Starport	A VR social app with small multiplayer games. Jump on and Play
Double Destruction	Smash together and get your friends to protect you & light the way!
Dungeon Escape	Send your friend to the dungeon, with questions for him to answer. Will he answer correctly and escape?
Dsync	Two players must communicate through time to solve puzzles before the future player runs out of oxygen.
Virtual Audience	Enhance your presentation skills with the help of a virtual audience
Shoomai	A beautiful dimsum handbook
FiveStar	FiveStar gives you the best Amazon products, by budget, without the hassle.
inHouse	inHouse excites development of new, collaborative ideas within companies from the inside out.
Baybucks	Baybucks. Your bay, your rewards.
Civic Panda - Permit Portal	Find all the permits you need in 3 easy steps, and track the progress of your permits online.
Delayed	Running late? At least buy them coffee
GitHub Profile Scraper	GitHub Profile Scraper built on Python & Web2Py using GitHub v3 API to scrap the user profiles in an elegant way.
Pixel Data	Measure & inspect every single pixel!
Mighty Mom utility belt	Every mom is a super hero
VitaOscura - "Dark Life"	Immersive Augmented Reality Experience for Smartphones tapping into Real/Virtual Entertainment Market
MediFlir3D	Taking thermographic medical diagnostics to the third dimension
Watercooler	Starting the Conversation
PPaaS	Power Plug as a Service
Triangloid	Tranglifies images
UTM Bossmode	Add Google Analytics UTM tags to your URLs & shorten them for easy sharing
HappyBot	A personal virtual chat friend
Dead Simple Encryption	Drag, Drop and Disappear
Seventh Heaven	Sharing happiness, one smile at a time!
CPupdate	Update your ChallengePost Portfolio with node.js
Parrot Parkr	Find your car on any longitude, latitude, and ALTITUDE for multistory parking lots
Portable Raspberry Pi 3	Take a full Linux desktop experience on the go with the Portable Raspberry Pi 3
Dastawezat	Dastawezat enables Students to apply to all universities by filling just one form.
The Social Strata - Design UX/UI - BH Team - Renata	Development of Back-end Webpage and mobile app (IOS) of The Social Strata
Handy	A text to ASL interpreter. Available as a Chrome Extension and Android App
MIRAITE	Mobile Application to improve City traffic behavior
Wanderlust	App that turns a painting into a window to its own 3D reality
ReginaG	Educational chat bot to simulate bully experience and analyze the dialogue to define confidence level.
Helping Hands Bra	Sometimes you don't need a pump, you need a set of helping hands.
Tutora	A platform to connect students and tutors in a quick and effective way
MeetAndEat	Meet new people while competing about who cooks the best food! :D
The Physical Web for Arduino	Interact with everyday devices from your own phone
PocketLab	A field blood diagnosis tool for doctors in third world countries without access to big expensive lab equipment
The Sticker Exchange	When Cards Against Humanity sold 30,000 boxes of actual bull crap, we know that there is a market for everything.
Plantbot	Automated and mobile plant and vegetables diagnostic toolbox
Eggsy	Eggcelent eggs. Eggvery time.
DecorNet	Turn your phone into an interior decorator
D'un bout à l'autre	D'un bout à l'autre est une application web simple pour vous aider à planifier votre prochain voyage!
Devpost Rebrand	Two months to turn ChallengePost into Devpost overnight
Devpost software updates	Keep the world updated about your work.
DR. PHIL: The Global Health Register	A Global Registry of Personal Health Data
Poncho Chrome	Poncho - in your Browser!
Refresh	"Refresh" an app that lowers the frequency of having customers show up to a cooler that doesn't contain their drink.
The Aquastat	The Aquastat is a novel solution for home water monitoring, enabling users to track their usage like never before.
Mazu	With a simple snap, you can protect the ocean for future generations
Macintosh Plus on Macintosh Plus	The vaporwave hit リサフランク420 / 現代のコンピュ by Macintosh Plus played on a real 1986 Apple Macintosh Plus
UpdatedAlgorithm	An app to extract discrete audio files from court proceedings for translation, transcription and open access to data.
Help App for Disaster Relief	Disaster relief for the people, by the people
Streak	Streak pays you for being healthy. The longer you log, the better the reward!
PitchPal	PItchPal helps you overcome the fear of public speaking through practice and preparation.
Grab-A-Word	Grab as many words as you can, but hurry someone else might beat you to that word. #Meteor2015Hackathon
YoNo	A location aware platform to convene people nearby you intending to go to the same location as you
Tug	What if someone could give you a tug when you need it most? #tuglife
Settler	Connecting and empowering refugee and immigrant communities
settlr	Finding the best neighbourhoods for you to live in any city, tailored to your lifestyle
MY GREEN SPACE - THE SOCIAL STRATA	It's a social app for condominium management
Snap a Cat	Pokemon Snap, but with adorable cats in a residential Japanese alley.
Giant VR	Be a giant amongst tiny people. Size will matter in this game!
The Tunnel	Walk through a canal tunnel at dusk.
Augmon Bringer: The Mixed World	A Hybrid VR and AR next generation mobile–based game
Trunk	A trunk, a hostage, an emergency response operator, and a call...
Evernote Calendar Connector	See and control your Evernote reminders in any calendar app
A Trotting Ape - [ATA] A Thinking Ape challenge	A trotting ape running away from Canada's winter.
Imagefy [Shopify]	Innovate your shopping experience by using pictures of your desired products!
Whaleprint	A tool to manage docker DAB as swarm mode service blueprints
Airport.AI	Intelligent Airport Navigation by Leveraging the Crowd
Edia	Emotional test for your Startup Idea, Help making the world a better place.
Shellspace	One tiny step towards the VR Desktop Operating System
GatherApp	A mobile platform which is focused on gathering all Christians in the world by sharing thoughts and prayers
Heroes of Codecraft	Blizzard's Hearthstone...only with programmers...gen.
Echo	An NFC-based Social Networking App for Efficiently Building Contact Databases
Iodine Monoxide: A Leap Motion Chemistry Tool	Extensible app that allows teachers to deploy interactive chemistry lessons to students and get updates in real-time.
Ryuu	Hanzo Simulator 2k16
Trojan - Automated Diabetic Retinopathy Detection	Ultimate health care tool for predicting visison loss
Moodz	We know how you feel
Indie Joe	A website to promote amateur independent filmmakers
Drone Drop	Drone Drop is an autonomous delivery platform for pharmaceuticals and more
Selfie Suntan Monitor	Use this app at the beach to get the perfect tan and avoid sunburn
auto-coop doors	Coop doors that open, and close on their own based upon if it's day time, or night time.
Boost	Help boost your favorite organizations and nonprofits via our intuitive app, Boost!
Gramium	To effectively enable Self Help Groups to repay the loans on a timely basis by an alert system
MindDrone	Pilot a quadcopter using natural motion & thought control
Sentwee	Realtime graphing of twitter happiness
Oculax	In the world of technology, everything happens fast. Sometimes too fast.  Slow down with the student crafted Oculax.
Bike.OS	The intelligent bicycle upgrade for the intelligent cyclist.
Peer-Based Asset Response	Leveraging APM for condition-based maintenance & real-time asset configuration, communication, alerting & diagnostics
T251 Sign Signature	secure two-factor authentication using convolutional neural nets to recognize signatures
Distill	A Chrome extension that uses machine-learning to block images and text that may be harmful to the end user.
stripr	Redefine your power moves, an efficient and intelligent power strip
Ok! Map	An intelligent, interactive map
Doge-Ball	An interactive smart ball to play with your dog -- anywhere.
CrowdWatch	Predict harmful crowd outbreaks
025 - moodify	Take a selfie and let moodify recommend a playlist for your mood :)
airberlin Personal Concierge	Automated, artificial intelligence customer service solution for airlines and airports.
Emojipastafier	Text-to-emojipasta-as-a-service
MemeMachine	Run out of Memes? Here's an infinite supply of memes to share and enjoy.
102 - Trumpify	Make Facebook great again!
112 - Leap motion auditory overload (LMAO)	Music in your hand
Overly Attached Alexa	Have you ever wished your home assistant was a little more attached?
SecondChanceResources Library	Your online library for reintegration resources.
Impossible Test	A simple website poised to take over the entire computer industry
Moon	Personal view on the loneliness of the moon
DealWithMeal	First Recommendatory System for Restaurants
Urban Arcade	Classic arcade game + GPS technology = Running around neighborhoods, dodging ghosts, and collecting dots in real time
LMS4TBH	Terribly honest TBH messages generated using markov decision chains
Mapify - Your Hotspots Mapified	A geolocation-based social matching app for Uber/Lyft drivers
Frustybot	Punch the frustybot to get rid of your frustrations!
Watt	Save money and the environment right now with what? Watt.
Spoken.Tech	Real-Time Voice To Chat Language Translation for CISCO Spark
Her - Winner of Best Demo Award	Like the movie. Someone to talk to for the rest of eternity.
Suonoscope	Telescope for sound - learn through play toy for all
FutureBusStation	Microsoft Face recognition API for target advertising & cool features such as bus and traffic info.
MedUber	An efficient scheduling application to manage patient transportation
HilarityTrumpton	Say Anything with the Politicians
Crowdify: Music from everyone.	Intelligent music playlist composed from your guests´ interests in a single click
activate-pepe-mode	"I think this package is bad news" - Atom.io
#FixIT	Report an Issue to concerning authority
YASS	Yet Another Stupid Spotify
Hyperslides	Easily create beautifully designed slides & lectures in your browser, collaboratively
I Can Comment	A browser plugin that allows readers to comment on any webpage
Car Heads Up Display (HUD)	Display driving info through a military-style Heads Up Display.
Termi	Platform for effortless, hands-off rodent control and extermination
Work With Me	Now anyone can work with @nealrs!
Two Factor Frenzy	Education and resources for improving users' online safety
HostUp	HostUp.club enables Airbnb hosts to manage their properties - including shopping for home goods - and track expenses.
Hoodoomail	Email collaboration with simple key authorization technology
Kloud View	Mint for Cloud Apps
Medicare at a glance in USA	Visualize Medicares available here and be confident in your health related decision
Eye Spy	An app that allows parents to track their children when they are out of the house.
nexcall	Save your mobile anytime minutes!
Greensense	Scheduled and location based messaging platform for event organizers towards eco-friendly and trash free events
Super Smash Bros. 64 Kinect Controller	Compete against others using real moves to win Super Smash Bros. 64
Freeloader	Free stuff. One place.
Discourse.tv	Passionate about a topic? Speak live to thousands of people eager to hear what you have to say.
Landscape Pests - a prototype of web/app co-design solution for small-scale applications	handbook of common insect and mite pests in USA
chillTwo	The ultimate anxiety cooler for the Pebble user.
SailAR	Navigating on Augmented Reality
Gilly - EduBrite LMS Add on for Confluence Cloud	Gilly simplifies employees training and assessment by enabling users to take courses and tests inside Confluence.
Trending in BitBucket	List of top trending open source repositories and developers in Bitbucket every week
Abacus	Create custom formulas to calculate numeric fields in JIRA Cloud.
fox	The future of Bitcoin is here.
diamond	perfecting the hackathon pitching experience
Quitli	Break the habit with Quitli, a smart pin that records statistics about your bad behaviors.
SafeDrive	Avoid driving though bad areas with the help of SafeDrive and Mojio.
Aria	Login securely (heh) to online web services through the medium of classical Arias.
Enchanted objects	It's freaking magic
SNAP	Shop Now App. "Easy as a snap"
DigiCrops	From the farmer to you
Dreamote	OpenCV draw buttons and sliders sends inputs to arduino
Spitfire	It's the real-time personal lyrical assistant for rising freestyle gods
CLINK (CARI-LINK)	Our Site | Our Market | Our Clink
CODEPOP	CODEPOP is DA BOMB!
Love Yo-Self	Love Yo-Self is a web app geared towards helping patients with mental illness keep up with their therapy.
Soundtracked	Find your music all around you
Glass Half Full	An anonymous IM app that helps people overcome their negative emotions by talking to positive people.
Succinct	A novel algorithm that converts a picture into a summary, flash cards, editable notes and provides sources to study.
Clean Pakistan	#LetsSaveOurCity #CleanPakistan
The laggage	The Luggage is a quick low-cost shipping solution that relies on everyday people to transport items..
StreetBite	Hong Kong locals can preorder and prepay for street food to pick up on the go during peak hours and late nights
Expo-Dyte	Streamlined Hackathon Judging
Inside Art	What if you could experience art with your friends in a way that
Kiva Impact	Quantifying Impact
gBoard	Request for services directly from your iPhone keyboard, Uber too.
Cloudbike	A retrofitted exercise bike that generates bitcoins for you to donate to a charity of your choice!
Transfer Socrata.Bluemix	Manage a databsse loop from socrata to bluemix
Risco	Stay informed, stay alert, use Risco so you don't get hurt
Little Wizard	Aplicación Educativa de interacción con "hardware".
rehabBand e-textile product for medical & personal use	The rehabBand is 3d printed technology with e-stimulation discs and mobil API
Face one with FLIR ONE	Emotions came on one hand.
Mr Owl's Safari	Take a walk on the wildlife
PokePebble/Android app	Pokemon Showdown on the go -- for your Pebble watch or for your Android phone
Surfbot	we are building a wearable device that teaches beginner surfers when to stand up
Our Family Storybook	Our Family Storybook: Introducing the 21st century Family Album
My Family App	Connect your family and preserve your past.
Death By QR	Death by QR organizes the betrayal based game of Assassins into an amazing mobile friendly experience!
Internship Hunter (The Game)	Race your friends to success, hunt down the ultimate internship (if the Wi-Fi allows)!
negwarn	Telegram bot that warns your group chats when they're becoming too emotionally erratic.
HandShake	You focus on the conversation, we handle the memorization.
Sole Guardian	Play as a single parent living paycheck to paycheck in this innovative browser game.
Chroma Keyboard	Control a playable piano through camera input!
fotosynthesis	Automatically generate captions for your images, we give you similar GIFs as well!
Moon Phase Clock	Clock widget showing the current lunar phase
Master Speech	The simple, intuitive way to practice your speech or presentation
LightPainter	Long-exposure 3D light painting robotic arm.
Gravity Launcher	Why would you ever want your app icons to be stationary? Now they obey the laws of physics(sorta :/)
Phresh	To eat is a necessity, but to eat intelligently is an art
The Green Beetle	A helping hand from a distance
VIBLIO	Video Privacy or Sharing. With VIBLIO you don't have to choose.
Bartndr - A Location-Aware End-to-End Retail Solution	Because everyone deserves a drink.
Snipbase	Yellow Pages for Code Snippets
Pic-A-Food	Simply load up Pic A Food and be presented with a variety of tasty options based on your current location.
LuggageLogger	A "black box" for your luggage!
!Safe'	Detroit's not safe, but you can be. Leverage machine learning and crowd-sourced data to navigate your life.
Climbing Simulator	A "totally realistic" and very fun physics based climbing simulation.
Clickbait Detector	A machine learning driven tool for detecting clickbait titles.
stroit.life	By integrating statistical crime data with Google Maps API, we want to help you find the safest way home.
Hello World	As a robot with no one around, you are on your own to save yourself as you access your console and fix your code.
Mail Responder for Outlook	The easiest way to set your OUT-OF-OFFICE (oof) message in Office 365.
Content Chooser for Outlook	Managing content in Office 365 has never been easier
algoVR	Algorithms–made visual.
iRoamba	A web dashboard for the iRobot Create 2 Roomba.
Weather Forecast	XD
eink.news	Your favourite news and blogs on your eBook every morning, automatically.
LITAF	Linguistic Informative Telecommunicational Assessment Feature
IonicFIB	Ionic v2 WebApp for FIB API v2 with OAuth v2
Menjadora	Best Menjadora EUW
Detroit Smart Commute	A simple way to make sure that commuters never travel alone and unnacounted for
Torch	A Chrome extension that uses machine learning and sentiment analysis to flag symptoms of a potential mental disorder.
L-Detector	Frictionless Savagery for Friends
Meme Me!	The word is meme so it should be about me :)!
Geberew Bersha'lay	Using IoT to sense the soil fertility and location of the land.
MotoCare	What if a simple device can save your life in case of traffic accident?
tagsperiment	Automatically suggested tags for devpost projects
Hourglass	Your day-to-day life, at a glance.
Pet Detective	Pet Detective is a chatbot service and analytics platform that incentivizes people to help our animal friends.
Edu-venture	Make studying into an adventure! Import any prep questions into EduVenture and play your way to that A.
Project Firefly	A new form of light painting
Connect	Meeting people is hard. Connecting with them shouldn't be.
sampbias	Evaluating geographic sampling biases in species distribution datasets
Food Stickers	Allow customers to place orders by sending stickers via iMessage
ETA Detroit	The first all-in-one Detroit Transit application. Find routes + stops for Ddot, Smart and RefleX in one application.
Sumantha	Sumantha helps you catch up with your slack channels, showing you the last most important messages.
DMS (Donation and Motivation Service)	Achieve your goals or donate to a charity. Either way you win!
SeeGet	it's an AR based ecommerce app that allows user to RECOGNIZE a product,TRY it on and FEEL its material with Haptics.
StashIt	StashIt, your college expense tracker.
Sorc'd-Add snippets of relevant content to Outlook	Recall and insert all of your research into outgoing mail directly in Outlook!  Writing the same note just got easier
Fishing for Data	Measure length of fish with nothing but your phone camera - no size reference required!
Virtual Museum	Visit Egyptian History museum with Alexa. Virtual Museum contains Egyptian Rulers' information from the New Kingdom
InteGraph	Quickly generate 3D printable math functions to help visually impaired students understand the nature of mathematics.
BLT	Use your body as a controller
Resolving Managed Metadata Madness in SharePoint	Findability of documents is always an issue. In Office 365 we can solve this with automating metadata tagging.
Recon	We've created a fleet of drones -- an acrobatic, voice-controlled drone, and an object recognition drone.
EL - DUMP-IT!	THE UBER OF TRASH - Simplifying  and revolutionising waste managment for the better. Connecting the dots, of waste!
PingRing.com Alexa Phone Finder	Use Alexa to find your lost iPhone. You can also find and message friends/family members.
Go Go Software Table 37A	Quick and Fast way to Download Apps
Nirvana	Shoot-em-up game where you move solely based on the recoil of your weapon firing.
Gstr (Gesture)	A webapp that can recognize sign language and interact with it allowing for various applications
072 - Autonomous Humanoid Detection and Targeting	Tired of your friends looking at your screen?
Clockrambe	A continual reminder of how long our leader Harambe has been gone from his earth.
Hungry Birds	A new innovative way to teach kids, the constructs of programming in a fun and engaging manner.
GIS Talk bot	GisBot : Ask him about published items on AGOL and get awesome curated responses
GitStub	See GitHub projects related to ones you already enjoy, zero-fuss!
aHead	A smart helmet to improve visibility and safety of cyclists on the road, using sensor input & LED output
BrightBoard	On-Demand Analysis of Whiteboards and Presentation Slides for Engaged, Accessible, and Immersive Learning
DIORAMA INFINITY	See, Build and SHARE 3D AR dioramas on your Echo Show!
DeepLens Family Assistant	Assistant provides dementia patients with personalized device recognizing family members and audio playing their bio
Community Jumpstart	crowdfunding for community infrastructure and redevelopment processes
Georgia Hackers	a state-wide community for all students in tech and entrepreneurship.
Second Nature	Breast Pump Designed by Nature
Data Maps	Locations have meaning - the one you give to them.
Dig Up!	Best platform jumper and action game with a beautiful and unique design,
Prostate Cancer Image Classifier	Pathologist-level classification of prostate cancer using deep neural networks
Number Defense	An educational game application that teaches basic mathematics to children
WatchAndLearn	Learn English passively while watching Youtube!
MedTracker	Automatically track medication adherence.
SketchIt	If you can think it, you can SketchIt!
ScriptTube	Don't have the time to view a video? Need to cram for an exam? Now you can!
Devpost Firefly	Devpost's image processing as a service
Play with Alexa	Play text based games with your voice
Tap-a-Boat!	A game for people who don't care about fish
Memberium	Memberium Lets You Build Powerful, Automated Membership Sites with WordPress & Infusionsoft
Spark Chat	A Slack-like messaging app where students can write terminal-style commands to access tools.
AD vs BC	A blend of 2D tower defense on a tablet and 3D multiplayer twin stick dungeon crawler on PC, influencing each other.
Drone Control for Unity	A simple control game which can be used on Unity. I'ts an arcade friendly drone control with X-Box like controller.
OpenStreetMap Open Road	A cross-platform Driving Simulator that uses OpenStreetMap Data to create drivable roads!
Car And Health In Viet Nam	Control temperature and benzen in the car
UnionD	Unions, decentralised. UnionD is Union-as-a-Service for labor in the 21st century.
Dermyx	Rapid detection of skin based pathologies through novel computer vision technology
SoundAir	It's a magic floating piano you can't see
DronesNet	An urban drone traffic management system that visualizes regional drone activities and indicates regulations
ZRadio	Brand new revolutionary idea! A new radio based on social interaction.
NeuRo: Mind-controlled Robot	Robot control via brain EEG
Super Mario One	Waiting for someone to come or perhaps just taking a break? Why not play a short game of Mario using only gestures?!
AskDevils!	Alexa Survives Calculus !!!
NatalNet	Bridging the communication gap between expectant mothers and community health workers in Bangladesh
Dripp	Dripp is a social challenge app that encourages individuals to reduce their water waste by listening to music
Hockey Updates, an Alexa skill with audio updates	The Hockey Updates skill uses Polly to let Alexa communicate when an NHL game starts or someone scores.
SCDrift	Micro-controller in longboard scores you on your slides. Compete vs yourself or friends.
WiFi-Vision	See though walls with wifi.
DrumBack	Interactive Musical Feedback System
GoSOFI Redefining Scholarships & Social Impact Invstmt	Reward the daily efforts of skill acquisition through automatic micro-donations to needy students completing lessons.
SoundTouch Gloves	Play your favorite sounds by tapping your gloved fingers against any surface
Cube-It - Impaired Attention Measuring Device	Let's create a system that can help make sure we're correctly diagnosing and treating attention deficit disorders.
CharGEit	emerging distributed, renewable power generation capacity management requires a new approach.
Sugar	We use our hearts to build health communities
Holiday Hijinks	Help save Christmas by collecting as many of Santa's fallen presents as you can!
KhanDataBeast	It's a beast.
ecoPets	Create energy awareness && have fun with the ecoPets.
Tap	Turn any surface into a touchscreen using piezos and time of arrival multilateration
Slackit	Enabling 3d models to communicate to project teams via Slack
BurhanBot	Ask more, Do more, Learn more
EAT UX	A fun, easy way for families to apply for free & reduced school meals for their children
Kommandr	Utilize a centralized command center at Kommandr.com and discover, learn, save, and share commands.
Emotional Urban Advisor	The pocket-selfie emotional connection that's missing for a smart city
BibleTag-API-Integrations	A JSON API for collaborative tagging of the Bible + Integrations (Slack, Web, iOS)
Bottender	Bottender | Make Bots in Your Way, Fast and Flexibly
UncodeJs	Google translate - but for JavaScript into Eng/Esp/Ita
SnapnShop	Ever saw some clothing you liked while browsing the internet? Get one step closer to buying it!
Parking Insider	Parking Insider is mobile wallet which uses your car's data to help you pay per minute.
DevC Bot	The bot helps you find the nearest Facebook developer circle. It also gives you an option to apply for opening one.
Eden	Break out of Apple's garden: virtualize OS X & iMessage everywhere, securely.
Choose Your Win	Choose your win is an interactive game to navigate issues that women face in the workplace.
Cryptogs	An Ethereum ERC721 token based 'POGS' game on the Blockchain. Welcome back to the 90s!
E L I Z A	Track your mental health on the go
parkBAND	Helping track the progression of Parkinson's to ensure efficient and successful treatment.
HawkEyes	Better reading tool for people with Dyslexia
Live Music Archive with Google Actions	Play music from archive.org using your voice through Google Actions!
Xperience - socially inclusive experiences	Using shared, personalized live-streaming to integrate the disabled population into the world's experiences
The Price is On Target	A game of "The Price is Right" but with Target products
Voice Main( )	To iterate is human, to recurse is divine, now do it with your voice!
Optecode	Compile your whiteboard!
Timely	Your paycheck. On demand.
SpotMe	When you need cash, ATMs are expensive and inconvenient. With SpotMe, everyone near you becomes your personal ATM.
Book My Space	Book My Space allows user to search and book a particular parking space available in a given registered parking lot.
LoveMilkTea	Find your way around the University of Hawai'i at Mānoa using the LoveMilkTea application.
Office-Stories	"Because everything is better with Stories" - Mark Z.
Sage	A mobile personal assistant that just knows everything.
Energy Bazaar	Creating decentralised energy markets for emerging countries
Guardeon	A modular event driven approach to in-home care giving
ShwinkyShwink	Making gaming more fun and accessible by using facial recognition to control game movements
AI meets Duckiebots - Clinical Human-Robot Interaction	We combined NLU, Machine-Learning and Visual Navigation with Robotics to assist in saving lives.
SolarPi	Make Solar coin accessible to all!
Wanderer	We are set out to alleviate anxiety on transportation through sight, sound, and smell.
Parks and Wreck	Fast paced parking with no breaking
Stroke Recovery	To help or rehab stroke patients
Hack the Hack the Heat	We wasted like all our time by screwing around with Luke's website
Drone Flight Area Control	A scalable drone management system which allows users to efficiently delegate tasks to fleets of varied UAVs.
gr-eco	Wastage of Paper and its effects in our Eco Systems
symptom.diary	Improve your Treatment by the Push of a Button!
Car-n-Sics	Car-n-sics (car and forensics) A device that will monitor the usage of a car from a different perspective
encore.ai	Generate new lyrics in the style of any artist using LSTMs and TensorFlow
Pocket Ian	Pocket Ian is Facebook Messenger chatbot that answers all your CS curriculum-related questions.
One Farm | Smartphone Controlled Farming	Bringing traditional farm management into the digital age, integrating existing equipment with the Internet of Things
One Positive Bot	A twitter bot that targets negative users and tweets to them self-generated inspirational tweets to cheer them up.
Pub Crawler	Automatic pub crawl generator based on user location, beer budget and distance, using UK pub dataset.
Nicole, the AI dementia care assistant	An AI dementia care assistant
LearnMotion	Record motions play back recordings with your live movements to gain feedback of how well you're doing a motion.
#MAKEITSELL	Aplicatie web de generare de lead-uri avand ca hook calculul potentialului online pentru fiecare vizitator.
motorbike bot	chatbot
UtilizeITGreen	UtilizeITGreen helps you keep inventory. It utilizes storage space for stuff that you actually use & managers it
MONA	Movie recommendation mobile apps
Yeti Battles	1 vs 1 casual local mobile game,where the mythological Yetis are taking on each other on melting ice with snowmobiles
Finnair Adventure Finder	Type in what you dream of, click a picture that rings your bell and find a surprising destination!
DigiMart	Digital browsing for an analog supermarket
CollaborativeAR	For the first time ever, share a space in AR with other friends, on your iPhone
Strassemusik	Decentralized ETH Tip-jars  for  Societal cause
Trackline	Achieve professional panning shots with easy and cost effective means
EcoSPAN	A Smartphone Ad-Hoc Network Communication Application to Help After a Natural Disaster and Keep the World Greener
Globlocks	a Blockchain-based Universal ID System with Microsoft Cognitive functionaltiy
LeARn	language training one stroke at a time
Galleon	A web service offering comprehensive, custom tailored information for skilled workers immigrating to Canada.
Rockem-Sockem-Oculus	A modern approach to a classic game
weekender.	Mobile/Web App for discovering travel opps when you're feeling spontaneous, need lifting-up, or just want to go!
SpeakAR	Dynamic Speech Visualization for Hololens
3d Object Parsing	Get 3d models of objects in a video
TeamFling	Quickly build your team for your next hackathon
StudyNote.JS	StudyNote.JS is a cool web application & Chrome extension that makes studying easy for everyone!
Oculus Rift Controlled Laser Turret	A standalone laser current controlled with a laser designed to hit drones.
Holla	An app that doubles as both a QR code reader and a new way to connect with new people.
AdLearn	Teach Kids to Discern between ads
localhost	A portal for common web services
EpiChess	epic chess
2am	Nothing good happens after 2 AM...but we've got your BAC.
Codiggity	Codiggity is a refined rap synthesizer; spit rhymes like straight fire. Create your beat, listen to music and repeat.
Music Training	A simple and fun app that challenges the user to remember a sequence of random notes from the musical scale.
Bernie Sander's Ski Free	This is a 2-player battle down a mountain between Bernie Sanders and Donald Trump
GroupTube	A  synchronized video watching application to allow users to remotely enjoy content together.
ThreeDegrees	Take your social network with you wherever you go!
Climate Connect	Using data from your wearable to adapt your home surroundings to you.
Ammalia	A Leap Motion assisted app allowing medical professionals to view and manipulate scans while scrubbed in and sterile
BitHealth	#ChangingWorld #Bitcoin #Healthcare #Security #EHR #HIPAA #PHR #Blockchain#Innovation#JHUISI#Hophacks#YouShouldKnow
Happy Parent Club	Set an activity zone for your kids to roam in and get notified if they leave the area.
CONEXT	Conext transforms simple communication into a rich experience for users, and those around them - without the sound!
Infected Flight - Disease Mapper	Interactive Disease Prediction Simulations
Contraction Expander	NLP with apostrophes is the literal worst.
Zeuss for iOS	Zeuss allows you to take a picture of an instruction manual and interact with the steps just by using your voice.
Justice Bus	Delivering Justice to the Communities
Clione	A supportive online platform, for people to anonymously express their feelings - inspiring others/themselves.
Stargraph	Real-Time, Collaborative Graph Editor for Large Datasets
Heartfelt	A quick way to check the positivity of text before sending it to someone.
Product Hunt Investor Edition	Adds CrunchBase, AngelList, Alexa & co. links to posts on producthunt.com
LinkBreaker	Break those pesky links! Lightweight chrome extension to turn your browser window into a classic game of BrickBreaker
AutoCaption	Use image recognition and natural language processing to auto-caption pictures
OrderAlert	Order from your smartphone or tablet and get alerted when your order is ready!
Open-Circle	A community for women to grow, learn, and network as programmers.
Quick Connections	Summary of social/professional networking information of customers for sales people.
SI Clean Travel	Improving travel time between busy locations in Staten Island.
Kantare	Match with strangers and debate over your favorite topics, sing your favorite songs, or hit it off with a rap battle.
LaserComm	Faster internet through the use of free space optical communication. More security, faster speed, very innovative.
Facebook Chat 2.0	Improvements to Facebook chat by adding tagging ability
My Bad Habit	Kill those pesky habits that you no longer want with the help and support of your Facebook Friends
We are cranes	'There's a high flyin' bird, flying way up in the sky, And I wonder if she looks down, as she goes on by?
Baams Away!	A humorous and fast paced physics based zepplin gaze gunner with cooperative gameplay.
home	pause in a serene virtual world
Limonade	No ! I do not want lemonade Mom !
A most peculiar dream	A dream makes it all possible
Mushroomoon	Legend has it if you reach the top of Mushroom Mountain, you can touch the moon.
Bucket List	Bucket List offers an awesome selection of activities that everybody should have done at least once in their live.
W.A.R.P.	A 3D puzzle platformer using windows into alternate worlds. You must move objects between worlds to progress.
Duck Pond VR	Feed ducks in VR.
Augmented Reality Swatch	Printable Virtual 3D Appliances and Furnishings
Aki.Es	Lets find the best place to buy your next home with Aki.Es.
Teacher Mod	An app to help teachers collaborate around children of all needs.
Should I use my bike ?	Know how is the weather for cycling and receive daily notifications.
Helicopter vs Coins	Easy and fun to play!
Escape the Cardboard	Use Google Cardboard, your wits, and your observational skills in order to escape from this labyrinth of rooms
Fight Ebola	A viral fundraising platform to raise money for charity through time based pledge challenges
VTA GreenHero	NFC, Green Energy, VTA, mapbox
Fundux	A Glaucoma Screening App
First Dance	mixture of colors
Bliss	Bliss gives us a needed break in our busy lifes.
habitar	Habitars are virtual coaches for your goals that evolve as you develop habits!
Miru	I was blind, but now I see
MapOverlap	Guiding you through uncharted territory.
Youtube Cropper	Crop some videos and stuff.
MyResumator	Freelancer Gig Management Software
Bijli Pe Nazar	To save electricity we need data, This project will be collecting historical data for power consumption of your house
Union Councils network Graph	Union Council's network graph for Islamabad Civic Hackathon 2016
The 6ixth Floor	Hey look, It's the credits! The game must be over, right?
Svend	A Slack bot that brings coworkers to socialize through icebreaker games and activities.
Lucile	Lucile helps you organizing Lunch & Learn and choosing what subject is best for your team
IOU	Slack bot to help engaged team member to organise, manage and split money expenses.
ACE Be Gone	Tool to help Patients, Parents and Doctors combat effects of Adverse Childhood Experiences (aka ACES)
Bumperz	Accident and prevention & collision avoidance  dash cam
BuyaPuppy [Project for the Axiom-Zen design challenge]	It's a fake pet e-commerce that actually works as a bait to lead users to a campaign page for an NGO pet shelter
Made in Hawaii	A registry for products that are made in Hawaii, grown in Hawaii, or have the Hawaii Seal of Quality.
Dough Nut	Encouraging Responsibility One DoughNut at a Time!
Cliqur	A simple and quick way for professors to engage with their students in real-time.
SyncPresent	Let's make the online presentations from 100s of MBs to less than 50 KB .. of YOUR data!
The Rescue Club	Rescue Effort Recovery, Information, Communication, Equipment, and Management
Travelerr.club	AI based travel portal to plan and book travel effortlessly
Project Em	An Alexa-Powered Puzzle Game Experience
Emojify	Replace your friends' faces with emoji to better understand their emotions!
Ghost Fishing App (GFA)	Report a lost fishing gear, save the environment
Safe Route	Choose the safest route possible to travel when you're in a new city or walking alone and want to feel more secure.
Let's Debate	A debate platform for  the new generation
Virtual Dog	You will start loving your digital dog more ...!!!
MonumentVR	Browser based cross platform virtual reality version of the popular mobile app, Monument Valley
TheToilet.Club	we aim to make to the hassle of "going" easier and a more fun and social experience for the masses.
Fit Head	HTC Vive fitness game based around dodging blocks with full body motion control.
ACCD	You like big data? You like cellphones? You'll like ACCD.
Doctor D	Doctor D empowers gay men to stay on top of their sexual health.
What is the current year?	A website that informs you of the current year
Gallant Runner for Gallant Few	A responsive website that handles mile tracking for the annual month long 565 mile long event.
Smart Glass	Glassify Your Future
DnD Next Character Creator	Create a DnD Character in Minutes!
MonParking	Trouvez le parking le plus proche selon votre destination à Sherbrooke!
What's hot	Multi-criteria heat map
GhostGear	Let's Find and Trace to make a change
Shadow Box MIDI Controller	Using light sensors, switches, arcade buttons, and knobs to control music software in real time.
#248 Faeble	Re-inventing story-telling for the new generation in a fun and interactive way using Augmented Reality.
CitiSense	The emergencies never went so Easy
The Land Below (Gear VR)	A Fantasy RPG Adventure Game for Mobile VR
Grasshopper	Collaboration done right.
Scholarly	The Uber For Tutors
SmartFindr	Often we need to scourge through dense pages of text for ideas rather than particular words. SmartFindr makes it easy
Eat you Geek Vr	eat a lot and get as close as you can to the game store to buy half-slice 3
RealTour	Get natural with virtual reality. Interact with immersive realestate spaces using intuitive gestures & voice commands
Mood Changing Speakers	This speaker uses image facial mood recognition to quantifiy your mood and then lights and music to change it
DreamBox	Create a Box of Dreams using Media from all over the web and share it with your friends!!!
One Way Ticket	Battle through Hell to earn a place in Heaven.
Quarry	Autocomplete as a service for e-commerce sites
OneJob	Find people who need a small one time job done by making a job post and letting job seekers bid on it.
Issue Editor for JIRA	Easily, Speedy and Visually edit the issues
Play SQL Spreadsheets for Confluence Cloud	Database in Confluence Cloud - User-friendly database which integrates well with your Confluence pages
TicTacToe!	Wearable version of Tic-Tac-Toe game. The winner is a player who succeeds in placing three respective marks in a row.
WakeMeHere	Take a NAP and WakeMeHere will wake you when you're close to your destination.
Tank Robot	An immersive robot controlled via the internet using Oculus Rift, Myo, Android, & Android Wear
PausePlease	Never miss a moment again. PausePlease pauses your videos when you look away from your screen.
Sweet Briar College App	An android app for Sweet Briar College, so prospective students can easily obtain information on the college.
Game of Phones	This app lets you see the location of yourself and, others using the app, in a short radius.
Iris	The missing software component to computer case lights.
WhatsUpDoc	We provide modern medical information and informatics to internet deserts by simple communication over the phone.
UberEmergency	In an emergency, an ambulance may take 30 minutes, but an Uber is right around the corner.
CalFit	Improve productivity through timely healthy breaks
Recall	Find your place, your memories, your life - all with a wearable personal assistant
WristWatch	It's not actually a watch
Emrify	Patient Empowered passport for the Healthcare System
Muzikator	Music Learning Platform
jarvis	Cloud based, closed loop medication management system that increases the value, and safety, of medication orders.
Greetings(Card Maker Pro)	This Android app lets you make your own cards .
Poll.io	Polling of the masses, via sms.
Magic mirror	Hiding technology from children's eyes to make learning magical!
FeelVision	FeelVision is a cane-less navigation tool built for the blind, using Leap Motion's IR cam & Pebble's haptic feedback.
pregnancyBand, e-wearable & e-textile,  VOTE Today	pregnancyBand - new innovative technology to monitor vital signs of mother and child in real time
Nostromo	Nostromo - makes it easy and fun to track spatial anomalies in routes recorded from your phone.
LaserCom	Instant messenger transmitting messages via pulses of laser light.
Safety First!	Make smarter in safety!
The Smartest Glass	The smartest cup brings fun real-time interactions for drinkers. Our cup creates more business potentials for bars.
Learning Pathways Project	A grassroot's movement to empower, innovate, and lead
Famicity	Solution to preserve and enhance your family legacy, from roots to future!
Programmer Hero	Ever wanted to play songs on your own and program simultaneously? Now's your chance!
Bubble	Make sure your friends never go unattended! Don't pop the Bubble!
Paper Kites	A game about flying paper kites
Plum	The perfect dating app for lazy people. Focuses on mood,personality and interests of users to recommend matches.
Pay Park	a centralized mobile solution for city street parking
BIRDFREE!	Get into our Mobile VR Game - BIRDFREE!. Enjoy the Journey
KAEC Neighborhood Watch And Alert System	Better protect our cities and strengthening local communities !
Walk Match	1:1 Walk battle - Random match with other country's competitor.
LaTeXiFy	LaTeXiFy uses statistical machine learning techniques to read your handwriting and create elegant LaTeX documents!
Space Weather	Check what's going on in our solar system.
PowerGrab	We grab the vibrational energy given off by a device so that it can charge itself. Yea, it's awesome.
Skrolla	Scroll webpages by tilting your phone
Rescue Gear	Rescue Gear  The tool that empower Samsung Gear to protect  its users.
NukeJam	NukeJam is an arcade game where the player controls a 'bomb rider' falling down to the ground.
JustRead	JustRead is a 50¢ smartphone-based scanner so simple, it can be used by the blind to read any document.
Haptic Feedback Suit	Vibrates your body depending on what you're doing in virtual reality (getting shot, bumping into things)
Taming of the Brew	Helping everyone identify their personal beer flavor preferences and suggesting new brews to try that match
tabShare	Share all of your tabs in 1 click!
UbiMirror	UbiMirror is a smart, sensor-enabled mirror for your bathroom to make your busy mornings THAT much easier!
MainStreet for Small Businesses	MainStreet connects small business owners and helps them monitor their business' presence on the web
Nexus	Big data streaming and natural language processing to find hidden relations between people.
CFDpyFusion	Autodesk's Fusion 360 is a comprehensive environment for modeling/analysis... except CFD! Our mission: change that.
Green Road	A Community based app to make road safer by identifying Risky spots real time engaging user and alerting others!
Access4All	An app to increase accessibility for the disabled.
LifeSavr	Augmented reality medical assistance locator
WUPHF.ME	Ever been frustrated that your friend seems to respond to texts one day and emails another? No more!
AR PokeDroid	Bring Pokemon Cards to Life! #AugmentedReality #Pokemon
Hearth	A self-learning smart city platform that provides users offline access to emergency services & community resources.
Grouped filter results portlet for JIRA	Group your issues on the fly in dashboard
UPCoin	Social currency for Universitat Politècncia de Catalunya on blockchain
dv8	Introducing dv8, the most reliable stock-value predictor using regression models and risk/sentiment analysis.
My Flight Buddy	Weather. Predicted Delays. Analytics.
ALIEN NATION: A Productivity Game	A fugitive alien's life can only seek refuge on Earth by blending in among humans IF you complete your to-do list!
Rainbow Run	Match colors to advance the color run!  Race your friends for the fastest time in this original arcade classic.
Hangry Prevention - K1	It does a thing
12 - Alerte Blanche	Pour mettre fin aux remorquages pendant les opérations déneigement!
AerolibLMS	On-demand E-learning system for Clinical and Regulatory education for Physicians, Physician Advisors & Case managers
Sesame	Log in with your voice on Alexa to send money to friends
Wellth - Be Healthy. Get Paid.	Wellth allows payers and providers to change patient behaviors with behavioral economics to reduce readmissions.
Too Long; Didn't Read	An effective way to handle long documents for productivity and overcoming information overload
Jiphy	Generate niche GIFs on the fly by searching for caption lines
Chirp	Turning tweets into musical melodies. Chirp turns positive and negative tweets into songs using sentiment analysis.
Critical60	Critical60 helps medical staff in monitoring trauma patients and directing treatment during the Golden Hour!
Green Waste Bin	A waste bin that can separate recyclables from the rest of the waste.
Kindex	Accessible, searchable archives for everyone through collaborative record sharing and indexing.
Green Hackers	let the language not to stop you in expressing your ideas
Joe Nash Wisdom	Wisdom from our Hackathon guru
iTheremin	iTheremin is an interactive music app for iOS that uses facial recognition algorithms in order to control the music.
DeepFashion	A VISUAL INTELLIGENCE THAT CREATES YOUR DAILY LOOK
NotificationsApp	Has your phone ever annoyed you by ringing incessantly from a tirade of notifications? This app fixes that!
Hey Daddy Mobile App	A mobile-app platform designed for dads as a one-stop site with consolidated child-caring related content ;
Patient Centered Connected Healthcare	A cloud based connected diagnostic framework to collect, monitor and analyze a person's vitals and stratify risk
Musimotion	Generate music based on your emotions in real time
BallerCity	Smart citizen, smarter city
TouchCoin	An easily spendable cryptocurrency with lightning-fast block times.
TrackMyApp	An app that helps applicants track progress of multiple applications while companies update the same on their end
TriPro	Triple enjoyments for your travel
TrashApp	Find the trashcans
Repraise Detroit	Detroit houses are difficult to evaluate, Repraise helps people get it right!
SwampBox	Automated Peer to Peer rentals, improving convinience and user experience with cutting edge tech.
VibeStep	Changing music as you run
Medikal Hasta Yatakları +905302865343	Medikal Hasta Yatakları +905302865343 istanbul/Turkey
SugarMinder	Measuring the sweetness in your young ones
EW - Mind Your Language	One Francis is Never Enough!
DJ - My Dream Boyfriend	Tired of guys blueticking you? Here's one that will never ever bluetick you :)
BV - Comp2Go	Find others to join you in your favorite sports with just a few clicks and stand to win attractive prizes!
Sir Albert	Whenever you have a complex question – Sir Albert connects you to a tutor. Imagine it like a UBER for tutoring.
Visual Studio Bitbucket Extension	A Visual Studio integration with Bitbucket git repositories.
QuickFAQs - No more queues, quickly search FAQs	Aren't you frustrated with those long customer service queues? No more waiting, use QuickFAQs and save time!
A Dream's Resolution	Fight enemies in a dream land
SoundMaze	A VR maze that you navigate by sound
storytunes	Get the soundtrack you need for the story you read.
Holucha	Beat up your friends in holographic 3D!
KartPool	A sustainable solution for communal grocery shopping.
Get -IT- Done	The convenience and simplicity of a pocket notepad with the utility of a smartphone.
Cardless	Voice-enabled Flashcards using Amazon Alexa
Neon	Hand-gesture controlled endless bike game
EE - DogeCode	A Novel Approach to Steganography
ARthur's Seat	Display geographical information in Virtual/Augmented reality on Edinburgh's Arthur's Seat
F.A.C.E. (FACE Analytics with Comp-vision Engineering)	Using computer vision to provide business analytics on customers in brick and mortar stores
FeelGood: Blood donation system on Ethereum	A blood donation system which provides end to end traceability allowing actors to digitally sign contracts
CustodyChain	CustodyChain ensures that asset transfer happens in a secure, audible manner
Double Match Triangulator (DMT)	An autosomal DNA analysis tool for genealogists
Project MIST	Saving Subs
Actionable Agile Metrics @ASF	We need to build teams with a stable flow and use metrics for predictability.
TemplateMe!	Easily personalize JIRA's notification templates
Echo Knowledge Base for Confluence	Search Confluence Knowledge Base with Amazon Echo!
Simplified Planner for JIRA	Create simple, effective, project plans
Notifications for JIRA	Send SMS (and other) notifications based on automation rules, workflows and events
PolyDome	A VR music experience
Wordling: Learn foreign words	Wordling is Open Source application which helps you remember hard words in easy and friendly way.
Snow Therapy	An inexpensive virtual reality snow game to cool down burn victims and distract them from pain
Croissant	Rent a seat by the second! Using iBeacons!
Medbay, the AI-powered medical kit	Medbay is an AI-powered medical kit that helps patients with their treatments using voice recognition software.
Neural Dream of Beautiful Code	Use the power of neural networks to estimate code quality
Building a card game bot called Cabot	We're about to make the very first (or at least we think) card gaming companion robot!
REVOLVR	Concentric spherical VR puzzle game
Gexture	Web app that detects ASL gestures through Leap Motion and outputs corresponding Letters
Aerium Solutions -  Gas Sensory Drone	Efficient-Scalable-Revolutionary Gas Sensing
PeterBot	CV sending sucks, so I created PeterBot my personal chatbot pitching for jobs
Robolegs	Stabilization of the myorobotics legs
NER	A new and more personable experience in searching and offering jobs
Alzheimer's Companion	Intuitive tools to assist people with Alzheimer's or Dementia.
Sous chef	Hands busy with food? No space for cookbook or phone? Call Alexa and she'll help you out!
Ghost	A benign museum directory app becomes "haunted" by a ghost--help the ghost and uncover secrets hidden in plain sight.
Spinr	Has science gone too far?
Assist Bot	Go Anywhere !
Congruence	A futuristic first person hacking puzzle game with ARG elements & time travel shenanigans.
Tiny Fox - A Virtual Pet for Amazon Alexa	An augmented reality virtual pet for your Amazon Alexa device
EyeCare	EyeCare is an iOS App that utilizes computer vision, geometric computing to help Corneal Ulcer patients and doctors.
Geagora Carbon Marketplace	A new currency backed by carbon removal assets is the key to reversing climate change
How's My Productivity	The extension that no one wants but everyone needs
Flopperatus	Our invention will bring music to your ears!
Pride	a resource for teachers to develop better lesson plans.
Zeedback	We want your feedback!
The Butterfly Effect	Surviving the spiral of cause and effect.
Resolvr	Siri for your data
My Hospital (Smart Hospital Alexa Skill)	AI should be available when it matters most. Smart homes are cool; smart hospitals are necessary.
Wunder Shopping	An Alexa skill to manage shopping lists in Wunderlist
Planetary Pool VR	Your Vive controller is your cue stick and the balls are planets in this 3D game of pool that's out of this world.
jargone	jargone demystifies medical records to address the costs linked to provider-patient miscommunication.
Templates for Blog Posts	Simplify and unify the creation of blog posts in Confluence by using templates
inSight	Re-imagining the White Cane for Visually Impaired Individuals through Technology
AntiFeed	We burst your social bubble!
CRM AutoBot	A fluent API automation framework which is natural language friendly
PillPal	An Alexa-based ecosystem that allows people, especially the elderly, to keep track of their medications.
Musicracy	Realtime democratic voting system for music streaming in parties and events
memoreyes.org	Simplifying the lives of those with visual and cognitive impairments
RescueMe	Application to track people who practice outdoor activities and find help in case of accident even networkless.
Emaption	Have you ever considered a map that shows the emotions of the people across the country in real time? There you go!
CollegeX	An App to help high school students connect with colleges and ask questions
ZiBot	An universal chat bot that will help Zitec employees to find new things about Zitec and nearby places.
Insider	Gathers personality insights based on your facebook profile.
Code It!	Bop It like game for people who code
Project Deep See	See without looking. Visualize by listening.
Blindsight	Using computer vision to make life easier for the visually impaired.
Qwil + Xero: Global freelancer payments and liquidity	Beautiful accounting software powered by Xero and global payments and liquidity for freelancers powered by Qwil
Mapping The Times	Taking you around the world to where the biggest news is happening.
Drone Equipped Home Security	Home security system that can activate a drone when it detects an intruder.
WakeMe	Tired of falling asleep on the bus and missing your 8 a.m exam? Well no longer with this app! Never miss your stop!
Cache It In	A chrome extension to download all open tabs to your local machine
coDoc	Developed by Developers , For the Developers
Epochalyptic	A fun asymmetric VR game
re(n)laks	Support healthy and sustainable salmon farming
DarkroomJS	A javascript library to build an extensible image editing tool, on top of FabricJS
RedSi	Turn Minecraft Redstone Circuits into Verilog
Capturing Visitor Demographic Data through IP Camera	Tracking visitor demographic data in a museum with the use of an IP Camera
Learna	HTML/CSS/JS Coding Playground for Tutorials
Fun Learn	Fun Learn is a fun and awesome skill to learn to pronounce English words, spell them and much more!
Huddle	We are social safety app to assist travelling groups and quickly notify them if a person is missing from the rest.
CustSign	Give every one their own impressive signatures!
Synergy - AI on the  blockchain	A blockchain based collaborative platform for developing Data Science and Artificial Intelligence products
Motemote	Push your friends around in this casual web browser game using your mobile phone as a controller!
Gateway	Connecting you to your world, one text at a time
ChemWizard	Word Plugin with the purpose to simplify the task of writing a chemistry report
Grand Multiple	A strategy board game
Groundhog	Groundhog is a platform for managing recurring crypto payments
Elkrem - Development board for IOT & Ethereum	Elkrem makes it easy for blockchain developers and hardware engineers to build Ethereum connected IOT products.
Fuzzy Tales	Fuzzy Tales is an interactive story set in a kingdom filled with talking animals. Adventure and mystery await!
CU Sign	CU Sign uses a laptop webcam to track the user's spelling in American Sign Language then types and speaks it.
Inexplicably Naked	A game about keeping your clothes on in a dream.
canteen.	Decentralizing container orchestration.
MediBlock	Democratizing healthcare pricing using Blockchain technology
Flame Warden	IoT Fire Alarm (features: smoke/CO2 sensors, occupancy sensor, image recognition, alerts)
FishCoin	Prevent seafood fraud & mislabelling: secured with Cryptocurrency & Machine Learning methods
Fowler	Combatting sexual harassment using targeted ML and NLP
ViHack	A Machine Learning Application which suggests the most suitable Health Insurance Plan for customers.
B.O.A.T. (Boat Output Augmentation Technology)	Using peltier plates to capture excess heat in icelandic fishing vessels
Matchable	Study and Pair
MailMax	Powertools for your Mailbox
Skype broccoli	Seamless assistant for your Skype calls and chats
Decibell	A smart doorbell combining computer vision with Alexa to determine who is knocking outside your door
STRAT (SzechuanTech RoboAdvisor @ georgia Tech)	SzechuanTech brings professional risk management from BlackRock to individual investors looking to diversify & learn
Emojifier	App that replaces faces with appropriate emojis
Shutterstock Editor	An easy and efficient free online design tool
Borges the TranslateBot	Borges is a real-time translator for multilingual Slack teams
aiSHO	Translation on the go.
Sphere	An image-based Venmo-like mobile money transfer platform for personal transactions and donations.
Brush Brush Revolution	Dental hygiene is a key component of lifelong health. Our project makes brushing something to look forward to!
Snap summarize	Imagine if you never had to take notes by yourself
Meme Motivator	A "productivity" app that delivers top-quality memes to organize your break schedule.
FedUp	Empower users during police encounters: we collect forensic evidence and store it as shareable packets online.
gestur	4.2M U.S. citizens are hard of hearing. Gestur redefines standards through AI to automate Sign Language recognition.
MedLog	empowering patients to make informed decisions about their medication by giving them access to pharmacy databases
Lenbo	What will you do when you want to Lend and Borrow? You Lenbo! The Certification and Marketplace to lend and borrow
Quick Remote for Alexa & Roku	Voice control your Roku from Alexa using the companion mobile app! No hub or additional hardware required!!
Super Face Arcade	Playing games, with your face
LighTIE	A wireless programmable neopixel tie with Siri Integration!
#9 - "9-1-Watson"	When 911 is just too busy make your need known with 9-1-Watson.
Mantle	A place to organize information and coordinate family to provide the highest quality of life to a loved one.
Octobot	An Angular 2 app to create a chatbot using Amazon Lex
Featured Hackathons Upgrade	Now showing hackathons organized by if they are in-person and online.
JoyFLIPS	We combine easy photo scanning, voice storytelling, and AI that brings in relevant historical data from everywhere
Smart Electric Meter	Smart Meters for power deficit countries
UMSL unified calendar	This project creates a single master UMSL calendar which draws from the numerous current calendars
JOYZR	Stop bad moods before they happen - Joyzr never lets you down.
Plan DSL for Bamboo	A Bamboo plug-in to create and maintain your build plans with a Groovy-based DSL.
PI Status Report	Allow teams to monitor progress toward completing PI Objectives so they can adjust planning as needed
PopMidi	This instrument brings a new sense of fun and uniqueness with its cool resonating sound and eco-friendly nature!
Matthews Crossing Data Manager	Matthews Crossing Data Manager
SBot	A Slack bot that tells you about the price of AWS Spot instances
amic: Mobile Drip Irrigation Systems	A cheaper and more efficient alternative to the drip irrigation systems
Arduino Lego Train	Arduino controlled train (LEGO) with connecting to an Android device.
Shafaaf Voting	A mobile application to digitalize the voting process in Elections
IRC Bridge to the IoT	Modular platform to integrate the IoT with IRC
SolarDroid	Now every individual will have their simple solar power analysis tool in their palms.
Patriot IoT Hobbyist Smart Home Skill	Add Alexa control to your Arduino projects easily and without any Alexa programming.
PaninosChain	Helping you find how far Panino's is using disruptive blockchain technology
WindowsX	Didnt want windows users to feel left out from the innovation
Dementia Companion	The number of dementia patients is constantly increasing. This app will help them live out normal lives.
BeThere	Be places on time, or lose money. Let your phone hold you accountable.
Kido	Programming skills Learning app for kids
PlanmecaCare	Making the dental process transparent, cost and time efficient by employing innovative hardware
Am I human or dancer? I am a therapist (◑‿◐)	A robot therapist helps human recover mentally and physically. It learns dancing intelligently from videos.
Eternal Earth	Comprehensible overview of data on sustainability in manufacturer supply chains.
Concert Fly	Two clicks away from flying to your music
Delightful Booking	Rethink booking process to make it smarter and more pleasant
BigBro	Park your car efficiently and safely
Legal Timer	Price estimation at its best
For Glory	Making Smash games more accessible, more fun and more competitive. Challenge your office!
nexLingo	Learn a Language Anywhere
ebleeni	Ebleeni predicts which programming language suits you best based on your photo.
TweeTone	A Playlist for the World
Million-enials	Solution to millenials' problem "I don't have enough money to afford ramen": connecting users to investment options
MediModo	Better patient outcomes through data.
Free Cooling	It's an app that will recommend that you open your windows if the weather outside is right, and then do it for you.
Promise	Company donation matching framework using the blockchain to increase accountability.
Watchdog	Watchdog is an innovative, real-time analytics platform built to help teachers engage better with their students.
Elle - a Language Exchange	Elle connects people by breaking the language barrier - strangers can talk to each other in their native language.
Code Challenge	Test your coding skills and compete with others.
Nerd Neck	A VR solution to a common health issue.
hack²	Android app that helps you determine if your hackathon idea already exists.
EmergAlert	A digital platform that recognizes emergencies and gives immediate responses
Voice Your Hunger	An online food ordering app through Microsoft Cortana
Guided Hands	We help you to get what you need.
Flow	An app that optimizes parking traffic routing using beacons, controls all monetary transactions, and entertainment
Diver	Virtual Reality experience designed to spread awareness about ocean pollution.
ad banner	website for making animated ad banners
Voice Your Way	Speak out your questions and hear answers immediately! Tweet with your voice!
FLIRculate	Detects anomalies in blood circulation, indicating risk of diabetes, blood pressure, and arthritis
SmartAlarm	An alarm aware of your flights, events and meetings that sets automatically.
Invest One	Help you invest from every transaction you make.
Emerging Markets in the News, 2006-2016	A project in financial modeling and natural-language processing
Flying Cameraman	A quadcopter with mounted cameras, able to detect and track faces.
iSitter (IoT baby monitor)	Monitor fire, noise, and movement in your baby's room through an elegant IOS app!
TurnTunes	Let’s take turns playing tunes, and put together a set of turnt tunes.
Nuestro Viaje	A platform to help immigrant teens connect.
BANDer	ვებ-გვერდი, სადაც მეგობრებთან ერთად ვქმნით მელოდიებს, ვუზიარებთ მუსიკას და გამოცდილებას
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               IMVU Life	Watch your avatar live their life
PocketShop	Connecting customers and shops instantly
ShowFinder	An Amazon Echo app that lists fun events happening near you and books an Uber ride to take you there.
InstaFeast	Find out what looks the best wherever you go.
SolarMaps	Visual display for the value of solar on buildings, facilitating a solar marketplace.
NYP Amazing Journey	A child's digital guide during her stay at New York Presbyterian Hospital.
Help to find cats	Discover a magical world
Fractal Flow VR Lucid Dreaming	Enjoy space and visual richness around you
Pilgrim: Trials of Nature	The curious tale of the Blob that dared to discover.
T265 Secret Tunnel	Wirelessly and Securely Send Data to another phone while on airplane mode
Sesame	The last password you'll ever need - your fingerprint
Mobile Fish Management System	Empowering the Fishermen - Better Data, Better Decision
Congress What	Learn your Congress Folk
Sliding Coaster Inventory Tracker	I have designed an Inventory Tracking Robot that can do an actual physical inventory of the drinks in a cooler.
Auto Mate for Tinder	Use Artificial Intelligence to promiscuous Tinder matches.
Mosaic	Real time image translation for IOS devices
ClubHub	A platform designed specifically for the management and discovery of University Clubs from all across the U.S.
Safe Souvenirs	Reducing demand. Creating awareness.  Educating consumers.  Offering alternatives
Citizen Pass - 3rd place Winner	A voice control game that is designed to help US residents to prepare for the citizenship exam
openCAM	Revolutionizing CNC manufacturing and 3D printing with an extensible programming framework.
listenUP	ListenUP automatically lowers the volume of your headphones when someone calls your name, so you will never miss out!
AquaSource	AquaSource provides both cheap hardware to determine water quality and crowd sourcing of that water quality info.
Historiske kart-portal	Visning av georefererte historiske kart i f.eks. norgeskart.no
One step at a time	To connect Established Australians and New Arrivals for a walk and talk to build empathy, one step at a time
Strive	Tamagotchi + Strava + Free Awesomes. Exercise to keep your pet alive and happy and win groceries.
Habbit	slowly kill your reddit addiction
@home	Calculates homelessness RISK score and gives actionable mitigation recommendations & crowdsourced financial help
SplitMyCab	Help riders choose their taxi co-passengers, as well as where riders are picked up
Giflî	Create an engaging visual display for your oral presentation with ZERO preparation.
Aprendética	How to learn research ethics in a simple and ludic way
TranSend	Web-based chat app with translation; makes use of Echo and Amazon Alexa
GasAsk	Just ask GasAsk
Introspection	Monitor your mental health and your thoughts over time through the art of Introspection.
ECO2TRAVEL	Promoting environmentally friendly travel options with an emphasis on eco-grades calculated through carbon emissions.
BalVikas - A Surabi Initiative	Facilitating children from Rural Areas connect with like minded children from the cities and learn from varied topics
Beep Boop	Our app detects if the pedestrian light is green or not and displays the information to the user.
Vochnica	Let your voice be heard, no matter how you speak.
FitMeUp	Get Fitter, Happier and More Productive
Self-Tuning Guitar	A guitar that tunes itself
Hangry Time	It's an agar.io clone! Except it's written by students who learned web development yesterday!
FlirAir	Breeze whispers next to your ears
Syncfonia	Live Collaborative Music Maker
uPoo	My partner abandoned me and took all of our code with her, so I made an app that reflects how it made me feel.
Spherical Point Interpolation (Fillr)	Take multiple photos and view it constructed and cleaned up point cloud image on the web
Smap	Find the best offers, coupons and discounts around you and keep fit while you do it.
Hack The Hunt	Waterloo's Greatest Social Engineering Game.
MiniMapp	An exciting and informative new way to explore the people and places around you
BookEverFlow	It's time to enjoy reading.
Web Music Transciber	A web-based music transcriber that allows people to create and visualize their music as sheet music
Samaritan	Samaritan is a web app that supports the community by matching an individual's needs with supportive programs
1904labs - HomeMore HMIS	Our MVP of an HMIS provides a state of the art prevention capability designed to keep people in their homes.
chromekey.js	Chroma Key for your browser
073 - #MakeTypingGreatAgain	Together, I have no doubt we have taken the first step to Make Typing Great Again! #MTGA
Candy Shower	A cat feeder controlled via Amazon Echo
ShopRight	In store shopping with knowledge and comparison of the products only a picture away.
DriveAlive	Long drive during day&night has never been safer with automatic detection of drowsiness based on your eye activity.
Zalando Wardrobe	We propose a smart app that recommends you new items based on your wardrobe.
SmartPlan.tech	Your phone as a playlist of your tasks, our backend is to rearrange your tasks smartly to inclease your productivity.
Cervelio Bus Stop	We are bringing convenience, timeliness and relevance to the user experience at the bus stop.
Chnooze	Charitable snooze with OURA ring integration
Milo	Milo is a Facebook messenger chatbot designed to help you drink safely throughout a fun night out!
Play Lumos	Cast spells to defeat the other houses in this challenging geo-based magical experience
PotterSmash	A super multiplayer about the four houses on Hogwarts, competing to see which one is the best
Zobot	Your personal shopping assistant
Automotive Safeguards for Neglected Infants and Pets	Imagine vehicles with an automated system that will help protect and save children and pets from sweltering heat.
Ship Twin	Predix IIoT to Fight Piracy on board ships.
travelytics	A travel based recommendation web application that recommends you places to visit and helps plan journeys.
Pokemon Rift	A 3D Pokemon battle game for the Oculus Rift, Myo, and Leap Motion
cryptozone	Improve Amazon shopping experience with Ethereum
Photosphere.club Boutique VR	Anyone can turn their photosphere into their own Zalando VR Boutique!
Popup Concerts	Discovery platform for live shows happening at underground stations
Tant, creative suggestions – www.tant.store	Tant offers you tailored clothing suggestions via Zalando based on your Deezer preferences and Instagram activity.
XavierAPI	A simple API for virtually anything, ranging from secure transactions, powerful user analytics, to creating a market.
HOT GUARD	Smart wearables for the visually-impaired and kids
CommentSentiment	Highlights posts on popular websites based on the sentiment of comments.
QuickFox	A social travel web app that lets you manage your trips and plan them with friends. And Skyscanner.
Go Alexa Go	GO ALEXA GO was created with millennials in mind. Why drive and text when you can just text and have Alexa drive?
UnitedShare	An android app designed to promote charitable acts for the homeless.
MoleML	App for detecting Melanoma and Basal Cell Carcinoma using OpenCV/ML.
Watcher	Watcher clock app brings your calendar events into a beautifully designed clock face.
Vive3?5	Ce n'est pas tous les jours que l'on fête ses 375 ans !
OopsCat	You have to hit as many cats as possible before your opponent while avoiding the poops
Social Shop	An app that helps you make your shopping decisions by asking friends to vote on a photo of your soon-to-be purchase
Typezy	Head to head typing game that ends with someone tipsy!
3 Spooky 5 You	spooky one click awesomeness
SuperHappier, the app that makes you happier every day	Get happier every day through adding more superfoods to your diet. Based on the most recent science. Try it for free!
Ur-Bacatá	Diviertete jugando a construir tu ciudad de manera intregal
Twitter Doorbot	Text to Speech Twitter Scrapping Motion Sensing Greeter
The Meter Beater Club	THE way to solve the world's meter problems
Medilio for Gear	Your Health is Your Wealth!
StopFCC	an iOS application to link people with the net neutrality conversation
Ridecoin	Bitcoin Uber! Distributed blockchain based ridesharing. Can't be shut down like Uber and Lyft. It just exists.
HW Helper	Remind, connect, and support all students with their homework - even those that can't get online!
Bloomr	A location-based platform to find and post student volunteer opportunities.
HackDebate	Web application that allows teachers to host live, educational debate and group discussions among students.
Hiccups	I was just thinking about you!
Clu Watch	A sub-40 £  smartwatch . Yes, i am looking at you, Apple
PetApps	A system to quickly diagnose and simplify domestic animal care.
Gaitorade	Walk with confidence
MoodMerlin	MoodMerlin performs Twitter sentiment analysis through machine learning to help manage anxiety and depression!
Heimo for Solu	Heimo is a mental well-being community, where people can help each other, share stories anonymously and connect.
CenaMania	Have you ever thought "Wow my life needs more John Cena in it"? Well great because I have just the site for you.
Siguele_la_Huella	Adoptar es la mejor manera de conseguir un nuevo mejor amigo
Big Dealz	Big Deals At Your Finger Tips
EdConnector.ai	Notifications in real time
Healthy Traveler	We analyze data from wearable sensors to make sure your air travel has no negative impact on your health
Bu Bus Tracker	Realtime Tracking BU Bus
Play with Head	This is a funny and crazy game in which you will have to use your head to play, literaly!!! smash them with it!!!
The Zeus Bike	Crowd-sourcing clean energy with charging bike. Move around, save the planet
Simple AWS VPN	Let's free restrictions
Zecureme	Crisis support during emergencies and gather real-time evidence and connect survivors with Shelters and advocates.
HelloWorldScream	Ever get tired of HelloWorld? Well, neither do we! Now you can shout it out for the world to hear!
Snatch N' Go	Snatch N' Go allows you to order and pay for food on your phone and simply pick it up before your next class!
NASDANK	A web app that indexes drug price fluctuations on the dark net and presents it visually as statistical data.
Octocat Invasion	A two part project with a programmed game and a built controller.
Quick Disease Outbreak Early Warning System	A system which gets & analyse  info of epidemic diseases to handle outbreaks on time to reduce no. of casualties.
Kid REC	Kid record game
Zydeco	an idea box
BSO'Meter	You give us politics, we tell you how much of it is BS
PocketHipster	A website for whenever you want to be a poetic hipster, but are a human being.
WowNote	A smart to-do note that know when to remind your task automatically.
NetFridge	The Netfridge allows refrigerators to provide grid services and minimize carbon using LMP, WattTime, and FlexBox data
MoodWatch	Quick hassle-free mood and social rhythm tracking for your smartwatch!
CrimeWatch	To keep you and your family safe
SDS (Sistema de seguridad social)	INNOVANDO,CRECIENDO Y DESARROLLANDO POR TU SEGURIDAD
Perspektiva	Have you ever wondered what it is like to see the world through the other person's eyes? Now you can experience it!
I.C.U	Intruder Compliance Undertaker - the next revolution of artificial security!
Token	parsing your financial data on iOS using natural language processing
Raccoon Challenge	Raccoon Challenge maps local waste production data and provides simple tasks for users to improve their environment.
UberQ	Gamified Uber rides for you and your friends
HackISU- Fun Homework Break Timer!	Our application lets students set a study timer and alert them when to take a break and what to do during the break!
GenerationStory	Every object has a story, share yours.
HawaMahal	Recommending Songs by Weather Conditions
leev	Transparent collaboration recommendations for researchers
Ariel	Your visual language learning tool
Pokemon versus Cats	The Pokemon are destroying your cats!
Pacer	Organize your music with Pacer to track your steps and play songs that match your pace as you exercise!
Liaise	A better way to manage busy social events.
Education Adventures: Sexual Harassment	A sexual harassment education game for employers and employees alike.
FlappyMarket	Try to out-flap the market.
UpTalk	Learn a foreign language by connecting across the world, making future in person meetups even better
Imgurmon	"Pokemon" for Pebble
Pool Party	Walk, bus, bike, or carpool to an event with friends for a healthier, cheaper, and more fun commute!
Tag!	You're playing tag with your friends, when things start to get dark.
School Meals e-App Prototype	Promoting access to school meals through a simpler application that families can complete accurately.
Pebbledoro	Use this one neat app to boost your productivity!
SiriKit	Making Siri limitless
Square Meal	Ad Hoc Team's submission for the LunchUX Challenge
Wish It	Your wish list at your price
EmoteAware	Bring your social media presence and impact into the real world with this stylish Twitter Scarf!
FreeForFee	Free stuff delivered to your door for a small fee!
#HatHack	Hacking hats to bring warm ears to developers everywhere.
Motion gesture authentication	The future of authentication.
FakeCall!	Fake Call app allows user to get out of awkward situations or boring meeting.
WalkingNavi!	Travel companion that guide user to the place using smartwatch pedestrian navigation
Guitar Gearo	Guitar simulator with phone and watch
Dice!	Play and roll a Dice on Gear device. App consists list of games connected with Dice,ready to play on Samsung devices!
High Definition Miracle Camera	The classic disposable camera reimagined for your mobile phone, and social media outlets!
Askari	App to connect refugees with mentors and an API platform that enables other developers to build a matching platform.
SIM	immersive Elite: Dangerous experience.
Metabolise	Metabolise: Easy fitness tracking with metrics that you care.
GTAV-Motion	Motion controls and virtual reality for Grand Theft AutoV.
Belated for Slack	We fixed the group chat, so you can get important information... later.
ARLingo	An AR solution for interactive language learning. Direct your camera to any object and learn its translation!
Selfie Stick Golf	Put your phone in a selfie stick and it becomes a golf club!
Lights Out	interactive story of man struggling in a blackout
PerfectIt Cloud	Make the best impression with your text. Find errors spellcheck can't with proofreading software for professionals.
Joyride	A fun, social, and safe way to drive.
ChatLit	A chatbot that contextualizes the articles you're reading with book recommendations
Empower	A space for women to anonymously share and rate their workplace experiences.
SpotiTube	Transfer a Spotify playlists to YouTube as music videos
Rubik Rooms	an experiment cooperative puzzle game with a novel control scheme
notMy.site	Tour planner for visit cities when you just have a few hours
Scheme	Scheme is Devilishly Easy Brainstorming. We're a beautifully designed, simple tool to help organize ideas.
Back On Track	Uses webcam to detect when you are slouching, and sends you a notification to sit up straight.
No.5 Swift Bowl	singing bowl app
Just Clock In	It's multi-platform, network-adaptive, cloud-based time clock management solution for businesses
PoExplorer	PoExplorer is a Path of Exile shop indexer. Makes it really easy to find perfect items for your character.
MixTape	Crowdsource your playlist
Watrr	A Water Conservation hardware + Application that tracks the amount of water used+ the amount of water saved over time
Whispr	We'll help you match the face to the name
AlexaTrainer	Drill Seargant Alexa guides you through your daily home-workout routine. Just say "Alexa, start training.".
Cerebro Solutions, Inc.	Labor management platform & marketplace helping hospitals better manage their internal & contingent staff.
picmeup	mobile self-affirmations on demand
HackSurround	Audio surrounding system by different synchronized devices
HackFlirt	Flirt application based on Tinder using voice records instead of images
Vet's Panic Button	Conflict management-trained vets on call for vets in crisis - anytime, anywhere.
Amusemax	Enrich your theme park experience with min wait and have max fun
Cardboard for iOS	Google Cardboard on iOS
Wolfram_Beta ChatBot	Using the power of Wolfram Alpha to make their FB page smarter than it is
meplusme	"Relationships starts with me(me)"
SensorSecure powered by Octane	Actionable Intelligence for Industrial Sensors
CarSavior	A suite of tools for GM's NextGen Infotainment to keep you, your family, and your car out of harm's way.
OldNews USA	The easiest way to find your family in historic newspapers - on your phone!
OnePlaceMail for SharePoint Online	Save emails and attachments from Outlook to SharePoint Online (Office 365): Fast, familiar & productive anywhere.
CarBuddy: P2P Carsharing	A mobile app + hardware solution to let you share your car with other users and get paid instantly
CyberSnake™	Reimagining of the classic Snake game in a MixedReality xp that transforms your space and brings out the child in you
Francesco	Bartenders suck. Francesco doesn't. He will pour you a drink until you smile, literally.
Garden Simulator	plants r frends, N0T food
YouTubeFind	Search inside of videos effortlessly.
Hamper	Tell the app about your clothes and let it choose new outfits for your that you can swipe through.
Hot Dog	Saving pets' lives from overheated cars
Fx Childs Play Signals Review - Does It Works?	Farhan's Fx Childs Play Signals Review Is Fx Childs Play Signals System Really Works Or A Scam? My Product
Group Project	Code4Asia grp project
PIRANA	An all inclusive, embedded system used to defeat and bypass PIR motion sensors on home/business alarm systems.
LnlyPpl	Sometimes lonely people spend all day watching Netflix. Not anymore! This extension tells friends when you're lonely.
Astronaut Interface	Apps for Astronauts
Mars Clock	The Mars Clock keeps astronauts on track of their schedule.
8-BIT SPACE SHIP	That extra bit of practice to make sure you got it.
ScryVR	ScryVR transforms your environment into a virtual workbench to assemble and export single page angular 1 applications
Trevoria	It's like Uber, but for learning
Pick My Game	For those kids who never know what game to play.
Country Game	A fun and competitive Alexa skill game to help kids learn about country names and facts.
CodeWeGo	Helping people around the world learn programming in their native language.
GLAM: The Responsive Horror Game	A horror game that adjusts specifically to exploit your fears
AVI : Application de Voyage Intelligent	How do you optimize your travelling experience in a city ? Solution : tailored schedule account preferences & weather
Poster Paper	Automatically generate LaTeX markup for an academic poster based on LaTeX markup for an academic paper.
Twitch-Audio-Split-Stream	Allow viewers to toggle different audio sources
Assisted Emotion Reading	A wearable glasses attachment that assists those with difficulty reading emotions.
CRYBL	Compete in Cryptocurrency Trading. Climb the Leaderboard. Win Ethereum.
Pick UR Ride	Decentralized car rental using automobile wallet
Vita	A delightful learning experience for kids and parents - with handwriting recognition
ED - HowSadRU	We want to show people how sad they are and maybe help
DoorPun	when is a door not a door? (read the alt text on the image)
RateYourDab	Test your meme mechanics against the best and brightest sneeze-imitators out there!
CCCA (Crowdsourced Cartographic Catastrophe Analysis)	Uses tweets with keywords relevant to natural disasters to create a heatmap of which areas most need assistance
HaleCoin	Your token exercise of the day.
Woku no Pico	Keep yourself woke with this smart alarm!
PixiuBot	A telegram bot to easily send money between friends!
Square SQ	Test projects on servers without ANY configuration super quick!
Did Marianopolis' library open yet?	Did Marianopolis' library open yet?
PairUp	Strengthen communities through technology.
ASLInterpreter	An english-to-ASL translator that uses text-recognition tech, made for people who don't speak English!
AlexaGo	Moving voice-assistive technology forward by putting it on wheels.
OneEye	Face identification for customer personalization
RealTalk.	An app that helps students who have experienced sexual assault find resources and support anonymously in a safe space
Sonic Players	Using musical instruments to control the gameplay in video games.
Myo Armband Module in Node RED - Connect the Myo to ANY Hardware or API Without Coding	We made a drag and drop interface for connecting the Myo to APIs, apps, and other HW. Then we built awesome apps.
EY - ExoArm	An EMG activated Exo arm
Accessible Map	Mapping for vision impaired users.
Neighborly	Helps connect community members that want to help with those who need help during situations like  natural disasters.
Pos-Chair	IoT seat cover that graphically helps users correct their posture in real-time, eradicating the problem of back pain
Pubble	Converting currency on the go has never been so simple!
QuickMTL	QuickMTL is your real time crowd managing solution for comfortable commuting within Montreal's metro system.
Karma	You'll never want to play another horror game again...
Stairway to JOY	JOY is a decentralized self-sustaining ecosystem for culture empowering the community to reward projects they like.
dude where the hack is my car	ever wonder about your car when you're not driving it? now you can know more about where it is, and who's driving
Workspace0x	How does one create a DAO shared workspace which provides stability for those working on project-based work?
ListenUp	We're giving constituents voices by automating data collection and visualizing opinions for political representatives
Women In STEM vs. Evil	In this VR game, you fight objects that try to obstruct your pursuit of science playing as a women in STEM.
NeuroDoc	Finds probability of neurological disorder using Machine Learning through certain fundamental test over the web
Sourceably	Sourceably is a comprehensive supply chain data solution that ensures standards and efficiency in reporting.
IDYourFace	Upload your pictures and our app will recognize you from now on.
Memento	Memento provides therapy and aid to patients suffering from dementia using location services and brain games.
Mobile Sleep Doctor	Sleeping Position Diagnosis that can learn from your sleeping patterns and tell you if you have any health risk.
CommUnity Table #34	Table #34 A project for the community, powered by the community
What's My Neighbourhood	What's My Neighbourhood is a platform that calculates the areal accesibility for a given place.
JODA	JavaScript for JIRA!
Product Commitment Request - PCR	A system that provides an online platform for filing and processing PCRs
ReceiveMe!	Custom email processor for JIRA
Analytics for Confluence Cloud	Measure engagement of your team and company
Elevator for Jira	Use Elevator for Jira's on call rosters and intelligent escalation capabilities to lift your incident management game
IDE for BitBucket	Launch a complete environment in the cloud, demo, develop as a team right inside bitbucket.
Issue Card Printer for JIRA Cloud	Issue Card Printer for JIRA Cloud, print the cards of the Rapid Board, or the list of searched issues
ENoteGear	Client for Samsung Gear watches on Tizen Wearable
MenuMe	A picture is worth a thousand words
Marauder's Battle	Challenge your friends...prove to be the fastest wizard ever!
Sentiments of Shakespeare	Can a sentiment analysis of Shakespeare tell us how a narrative is constructed?
TV Flow App, Alexa Skill and Backend	We connect tv with e commerce.
App for SCCM	Insight into System Center Configuration Manager 2012 R2.
CoPilot	Stop Drowsy Driving, Save a Life – One Friend At A Time
Chartographer	Makes creating charts simple and intuitive using a touch screen interface and backed by machine learning technology!
Hindsight	A connected car accessory camera, sensor and display that warns tailgaters.
Opsidian	Collaborate on your AWS infra from Slack using natural language
CyDriver	Deep Learning and Node.js - and you'll never drive again!
Bot Beatdown	Robot Battles in VR for some total carnage
HololensOffice365bot	A simplified Office 365 bot plus a Hololens Companion
ShuffleNet	Smart Shuffle for iTunes
Trinity Music	An Amazon Alexa Skill that uses the TuneFind API to provide song information for Movies, TV Shows, and Artists
Luggr	Travelling and delivering made easy.
Moov	86% of Americans sit ALL DAY at their jobs. Fight the sitting epidemic with Moov, a motivational and fun fitness app!
vrCar	"We took the box challenge, we found gears, motors and a spider like mechanism that had a bunch of small axles..."
Savemyreindeer	Døden på Nordlandsbanen og ellers hvor infrastruktur tar livet av dyr
Code Cubes	interactive virtual reality coding for kids
WeLocate	Smarter Choices for movement and business analytics for small businesses through the power of Machine Learning
ForeverOnTime	An internet connected alarm clock that uses REM sleep cycles to calculate ideal alarm times
Skyline	Think of immersive show/concert experience where the audience can be part of the show. Making the crowd part of it.
Enter Zendman - Magnetica	Automatizam jocul cu bila-n nisip.
Cesha	Go Fun Boosting Financial Literacy
Peep - A watching and learning micro assistant.	Peep watches objects on command and reports back to you or triggers other home automation devices.
Alexa Baymax	Created Amazon Alexa skill in Node.js to enable Alexa to empathize with and help a user who is feeling low
slimGYM	The perfect VR work-out simulator to keep you in shape, especially on rainy days.
Numama	Mobile technology connecting illiterate pregnant women in rural Kenya to the nearest healthcare providers and NGOs.
MyKantaPregnancyBot	ChatBot that helps women through pregnancy using MyKanta data repository.
madadgar	To democratise quality higher education & make it accessible to talented students from every strata of society
Hipster	New tool in town
WMS Preview	Trello Power-Up to attach maps and legend graphics of a given Web Map Service (WMS) to a card
Modern webparts for on-premises	Bring SPFx to all SharePoint platforms
iNTUition	Giving back to the community is important, why not do that while gaining rewards and competing against your friends?
Craigslist Companion	Craigslist Companion is a time saving app that will check for you to see when there are new listings on Craigslist.
AudioVision	Helping the vision impaired navigate using 3D mapping and sound point localization
Faight	Learning to code, compete and achieve.
Smart Farming	Farm smart, Live smart
Recover Now	Recover Now connects people in need to communities offering resources & services after disastrous events
Graffiti	Graffiti the internet. Enable users to comment on every part of the web.
ApprovalMax. Check Bills/POs against budget	We have built the most requested feature — check of Bills/POs against the defined budget during approval process.
Megafind	Megafind provides an immerse lecture experience for students. Megafind allows students to study intelligent
Partify	Queuing songs at a party is a struggle. Our solution: generate playlists based on the users tracks and party mood.
LocalizeKhan	Translation quality classification using machine learning
Connected  Factory Workers for health monitoring	Connected Factory Workers is an IOT solution to monitor health vitals of workers in health hazardous job roles
Health.ly	Using computer vision to combat the effects of Food Allergies...
Layterms	TL;DR for privacy policies so users can be informed of the data they share
bridgED	An image analyzing app that detects and displays objects from images and IRL, and translates it.
Pre-Vent	An outlet to Vent before you do something you may regret.
Prometheus	A Clojure Library for the Facebook Messenger Bot API with a Collection of Application Examples
E2U - Energy 2 You	Using wholesale power prices to determine when best to buy electricity for home storage devices and when to sell.
Duunitin	Revolutionary platform for recruiters and job seekers with machine learning and big data
sustainUp	A gamified learning experience on sustainable decision making during the life cycle of a product
TuitionCoins	TuitionCoins tells you how much money you would have if you invested your tuition in bitcoin.
BrowserHelp	BrowserHelp allows full voice control of your Chrome Browser, making the web more accessible
GameAR Stream	A framework that renders 2D & 3D games to enable sharing AR/Mobile gaming experiences to Facebook Live.
UMSL| Marketplace	UMSL| Marketplace
Solar Powered RasPi Camera Parking Detection	We made an AWS IoT open parking spot detector using a camera on a Raspberry Pi. Made by high school students.
Sky Class	Sky Class enables anyone to create a class and offer voice-interactive content through any Alexa device.
Solar Monkey - HiVE Team	Your personal assistant to get home solar - we offers free service to help you get home solar powered just in 4 steps
Pantry Bot + Bagels	Monitor your real time pantry supply from Slack using Kinesis Data Streams.
Rufflet	Analytics platform for smart contracts
Provt	Trust files from untrusted sources
SmartPaths	An app to get you anywhere in Mexico City with fast multi-modal public transport routes
TruckChain	TruckChain will enable an unprecedented level of traceability and reliability in logistics - worldwide.
Wikisnip	An open platform for developers to contribute and revise code snippets.
idontcare	https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=y1gaqmEhn2U
Smart Tattoos	Tattoos built like circuit boards let you control games, presentations and more.
PiTau	Your phone is a card. BOOM!
DocView	DocView makes navigating Word documents easier and faster which leaves more time for writing.
RF Distributed Network - Powered by FreeWave	Proof of concept for a distributed web-based network for communication and development in areas with no internet
Snakez	The arcade classic snake with a multiplayer twist.
Hackathon Tycoon	All of us want to manage our own hackathon. Our game lets you.
Travelingua	Travel app with image recognition and translation of related queries
Chance of Rain	A real-time weather based rhythm game
Corgi Co-Pilot	Your Companion for your Car
Beep Network	Email and SMS alerts for blockchain-related events like new markets getting added to GDAX
CannaSource	Seed to sale legal cannabis compliance, on the blockchain
TwoSidedNews	Juxtaposition of sources from opposite sides of the political spectrum
FyreWatch	Set up an edge node network with cameras to notify a central server if any node calculates there to be a fire.
Synthesis	Synthesize your environment to experience synesthesia
DAO Planning Poker	DAO Planning Poker is a tool to help organizations reach consensus on estimating the value of bounties.
TuneFactor	2-factor authentication using your music tastes
Riskulizer	Modern dataviz tool for the insurance industry
Swift Budget	Add a budget and track your expenses while you're out. Simple, fast, user-friendly design.
HOX	enable people to visualize metadata in webAR or WebVR with multiusers session to facilitate meeting and help builders
Welcome Home	This website is for people who are new to the city
8trac	Decentralized investment platform for artists to raise funds to produce their own content. The public record label.
Fake Bananas	Robust fake news detection made simple and scalable for real people.
Chemistry Lab VR	Chemistry Lab VR is an educational Virtual Reality experience that teaches students lab procedure and safety.
Pokegatchi	Bringing back old school games with a modern twist: Pokemon and Tamagatchi
lifeguard.io	A majority of children drown when an adult is present but is not paying attention, we want to pay attention for them.
bARky	See a cute dog? Classify its breed and find more like it to adopt near you!
EyeDentify	EyeDentify is a web application that magnifies text for people with low vision，adapting Microsoft Cognitive Services
LanguageBot	Detection of key phrases related to cyberbullying to help connect users with resources
HoloWolfram	Visualize mathematical formulas as 3D holograms in Mixed Reality
Lobsters vs Fishers	A game for 5+ players, where a computer takes the role of narrator and each player uses his phone to play.
Heatcloud	Bringing customer engagement analysis into new dimensions.
Be My Eye	Making the world accessible for blind
Bleep AI	A Chrome Extension that fundamentally changes the way we experience YouTube videos
Smart Hand	A smart prosthetic hand that uses object recognition, machine vision, and sensors to grasp at commonly used objects.
DataDoc	Do not fear the Doctor is here, right in your pockets! DataDoc recommends treatment of disease using Machine Learning
Made in Hawaii	An online platform to find and maintain local products through user (vendor) driven data
Operation_Goose	A computer vision API which logs objects, motion, and anomalies in natural language
ARAD	Ads for Augmented Reality apps
SpeechCoach.ai	SpeechCoach.ai is an AI powered web application which helps you improve your public speaking skills.
Savescription	Reduce prescription medication errors through automated and personalized reminders
Calendoge	It's a calendar with dogs; what more could you ask for?
Munch Ease	Eating out with difficult friends made easy.
Cats and More	Bringing cuddles to your door, CatsAndMore.store!
SelenaHealth	Intelligent healthcare to help more people live better
Addcoin Plus	Make money for charities while you navigate on the browser by sharing spare CPU.
AROS	AROS - Access any file in augmented reality.
Messages Matter	A 2D adventure game to raise awareness about the effects of cyber bullying
Kora	Infrastructure for building inclusive, community-owned financial services ecosystems via blockchain
Stretch	The newest way to view videos between multiple people!
Memble	A method for caretakers to look after patients with brain deterioration in the right hemisphere(focus on Alzheimer's)
FreeMindz	Making routine easier for Alzheimer patients and their caregivers using video and audio prompts
rEQUIP	A control platform for muon detectors that enables student collaboration.
itcher	itcher is a community-powered recommendations engine, providing movie and book recommendations
Hubsy (the Hubspot Bot)	Manage your HubSpot account from Slack, Facebook, and Amazon Alexa
Sensor Technologies Integrated on Cane (STIC)	Helping the visually impaired see using IBM Watson and real time systems. The Future of Assistive Technologies.
FaqToBot	Leveraging AI to Generate Question-Answer Bots for Website FAQs
Footsteps	Giving you a new pair of eyes for your legs
CoData	Self-organizing data analytics curation and collaboration platform that connects nonprofits with industry experts.
TSOLife	The family stories we share across the dining room table can now be shared from across the world.
Know the Law	Search Laws, Public Awareness, Be aware of your rights, Laws and Rights Statistics
uCapture	UMSLHack 17 project
PolyPlaster	An AI that reconstructs images using just polygons and intelligent interation
FlashCardKitties	Learning vocab takes a lot of time focused in a single session. Instead, learn throughout the day with a smartwatch.
Familiarity-Spark-Bot	Builds a page for users added to a team/space on cisco spark so that team members can get to know one another more.
mba-chatbot	Chatbot entry for "Cisco Spark the Industry Challenge"
FlashLawyer	FlashLawyer builds legal documents with chatbot guidance
Gfytti	We've seen gfycat on computers, we've seen gfycat on our phones, and now we can use gfycat in mixed reality.
Video Home Storage	Hacker grade magnetic tape backup
Lasagna	The problem with games is the gap between video and tabletop players. Lasagna brings these rivals together.
SportsCloud	Realtime sports commenting from fans to create a live streaming feed
SiriQuery	The world's first cross-platform web client for Siri
Learn It!	Spark student learning that actually lasts with Learn It! for Cisco Spark!
Day of Destruction	Raze the planet as the turret gunner for an alien invasion. Level entire cities on the Day of Destruction.
hax	javascript tight platformer
B.S. Breaker	Break up Trump's b.s. tweets word by word
U.S.Welcome	U.S. Welcome is the perfect app for immigrants to learn their new environment through a camera populated with geotags
NeuralOR	A lightweight, portable system for generating object recognition and classification networks.
Lightspeed Study	Study optimization tool.
MoodleHub	A desktop client for Moodle
Eco Rangers	Eco Rangers is a location-based augmented reality multiplayer game designed to promote eco-friendly behaviors
Furry Friends: EmBark on a Journey	A game about shelter dogs and finding your place.
smaRtEcipe	An easy way to get the food you love...
CS2 - Dementia Talk	Dementia Talk acts as a companion in those tough moments and works to empower caregivers
ReBezeler	Bringing bezels to your bezelless smartphone
InvenTeX	Internet-Enabled Hardware Sorter and Inventory Maintenance Machine for Tracking Hardware
washy	Schedule your washing time via our bot to never wait before an occupied machine and easy pay via face recognition.
Reverse Karaoke	Sing the Instrumentals, we got the lyrics covered
Mama	An app used to connect skilled health care professionals with young refugee mothers in their native language.
Payza Money Adder Generator Hack Tool	The user interface is easily recognizable and understandable for normal people who do not understand
HOVR	We create rich VR environments to increase mobility and healing for elderly patients
tuneOut	Listen to your music by leveraging the power of the internet without the noise of the internet.
Mappa	Help children recover from stress situations thanks to Pepper robot and AI image recognition.
Marco - Connecting loved ones	Team of pepper robots collaborating to reconnect parents and children at disasters recovery scenarios
spotify-dance-commander	Spotify Dance Commander
Truck or Track	LOGISTICS GAME CHANGER: If your shipping includes a truck, you better track it
Sun & Rent	Airbnb for goods + Storage for stuff
Outotec edge	Exploit Outotec's know-how to its edge, by developing a platform to communicate the problems and their solutions
Beautify	—-
Ne'e	An easy way for coaches to see the state fatigue of the players live during a game.
Will Outside Hurt My Face	Whether weather will hurt will your face
FindViser	Find an Academic Research Adviser according to your research profile
MEDSEND	MEDSEND helps distribute medical supplies from those who have no more use for it, to those in need
ForensX Machine Learning Submission	Here, we look to automate classification of bacterial contaminants in a swab test given to us by HudsonAlpha.
splunk-elasticsearch	A search command for Splunk which will allow you to search Elastic Search and display the results in the Splunk GUI
Speakeasy	Practice your speech in front of an audience and receive real time feedback on your vocal and physical delivery
Regit	A powerful and free desktop tool for Git
Get by SMS	Easy, secure way to share files, unlocking with SMS.
InnerView	Wanna better prepare yourself for future interviews with any big companies? Here is the best way---InnerView
CertChain	Using blockchain to revolutionize internet security architecture and get rid of the need for certificate authorities
AWS Rekognition Human Emotions TrackBot	Evaluate Student and Patient Emotional Conditions using AWS Facial Recognition in Real Time
spectra	An interactive VR, physical, and mobile app experience using responsive color therapy to lighten any mood
Birddex	A bird species recognition application using machine learning that can be used for birdwatchers and education tools.
HoloCode	Educational program that helps young adults understand basic programming by using pre-built code
ArkFund	A decentralised crowd-funding/ICO platform running on the Ark Blockchain
LassMeal	Leftover Food turned into revenue
Theia	A tool for the visually impaired that can describe their surroundings in greater detail.
Dunmo	Smart scheduling of your tasks into your calendar
The Piano Men	Have you ever had 100 year old piano scrolls lying around? We have developed a method to convert them to digital song
Aper.io	Deep Learning Frame Interpolation and Quality Enhancement
LetsEat	Tackling the food waste problem with Google Home, in a way that is as natural to the human interaction
BendAR	Use your hands to manipulate water and fire, and defend yourself from elemental turrets with the same powers.
ARnance	Augmented Reality dashboard version of Yahoo Finance
The Mini Project	Ever wanted join a project from idea to production? The Mini Project is there for you!
Metronome Gear	Simple metronome in your smart watch.
Ryde	Many cars on the road have just one person, but people can come together: Carpool and get a Ride, with Ryde.
Better Bike Lanes	Make bike lanes great again
Acred	Microloans on the blockchain
Parking Update	Park with confidence. We notify you to move your vehicle to avoid LA parking tickets.
divid.io	See the Bigger Picture. Play videos across multiple devices on one giant screen.
Donkey Donald	Auto-detect faces in images in a news link and replace the faces with animal head images
Salud	Finding, scheduling, and remembering health care appointments -- now made way easier.
Cuddle	Cuddle is an intelligent baby monitoring platform that uses an image processing algorithm to show your baby's vitals.
Add-vice	Give your advice with add-vice
Quill	An app that takes notes for you
Handy Trip	#handyTrip
26 - adventureMe	A discovery-driven trip finding app
15 Easy Walk	Going somewhere near by? Find the easiest walking path there!
DailEQs	Improve your mental agility with DailEQs
Protray.me	Get a live & dynamic written account of your life based on details you never thought existed.
Insightour	Platform that connects travelers with local tour guides, who provide cheap and authentic experiences in their country
GrabAPint	Looking for someone to grab a beer with? Want to meet new people? Use our app to find people to grab a pint with.
Datr	Emergency Dating App
Conway's Game	JOHN HORTON CONWAY MADE A GAME - WE MADE IT HARDWARE
VRsualizer	Don't just visualize your music - live in it!
Color Me	Transform the world into your own coloring book - color and share your memories.
Guchi	A platform that refactors the way you process information when dining.
You Light Up My Life	This wedding dress glows, twinkles, and changes color near your valentine to make your special day unforgettable!
GoBet	A Social Betting App
Improvy	games, social, competitive, share, ionic
Headshot	Fun with a nerf gun
WalkThru	Enhanced Shopify Experience with Location Awareness
Heroes	HeroUs is focused on the support between citizens creating a responsable and caring social network.
GBIF dataset metrics (v2)	Get insights in GBIF-mediated datasets with charts and metrics.
Birthday Greetings Video	Never miss to wish on birthdays with an elegant and real Video.
IncentivRise	Frighten yourself out of Bed in the morning!
Trampolinn	Free home exchange website based on a point system
Unity 5 fx and composition test	A diorama / vignette made in Unity 5 RC3.
Yan Tan Tethera	A Living Things Counter - Not for human only
escobar	Create share-ready images & gifs & videos for your Devpost projects
BrainPal	Track how your brain states change depending on what applications you're using.
Gnome Child	Gnome Child is bigger and better than Siri, Cortana and Google Now Combined. Maybe.
AweSoft Tickets	A platform for printing access tickets in seconds. You can validate them by scanning the qr codes while logged in.
Paragonizator	How to spend less money on everyday shopping
Jobminder	Applying for multiple jobs is frustrating, jobminder organizes applications and reminds you to connect with employers
Tab Transfer	Have you ever wanted to save the tabs you have open in Chrome? TT creates a paste.ee link containing all open tabs.
Wize.Club	Learn or teach anything in real-time right from your phone.
Amway Jam	Engaging trivia and prediction game for Orlando Magic fans
Sammy the Smog Cloud	Sammy is an innocent smog cloud, who seeks to poison the world filled with sunshine and rainbows.
FLIRster	Time & Temperature Compliance, Logging & Food Safety Monitoring Made Easy for Hospitality, Food Service, & Catering
SoundStrike	A Sight Reading App
Personal AI Trainer	Your personal intelligent trainer
isplutoapla.net	Have you ever wondered if pluto was a planet?
Pop(up)sicle	Chrome extension of mini pop-up browser
Cactus Juice	AR bending from Avatar: The Last Airbender
MYOwn Drums	We used MYO Armbands to create a virtual drumset in Unity game engine
Save a Seat	The Future of Dining: Innovation at its finest, and a new perspective
End's Well	Hop into action! Guide our amphibian friend through the bugs and thugs to reach freedom in "End's Well".
Art at the Edge of Evolution	Imagine Monet, Dali and Warhol had the technology we have today.
Hexagon	Turn your favorite music into an experience.
Fauxtography	VR photography
CEEK	CEEK - the VR World where you play, connect and share experiences
Islands In The Sky	The future of mankind is in the Clouds... Will you join the air battle for survival?
CNN	A VR version of CNN news and shows.
We Go Together	Explore a moonlit environment as a moth and discover why you are attracted to the light.
Panopticon	Watch or be watched, a warden simulation for Gear VR.
Telegear	It's time for audio to speak up!
Shining Sword Dragoon	An exciting experience to you.
Kangaroo Dash	Explore the world one jump at a time!
Science360	Experience and learn science in a new dimension created by PROLOGUE VR
FlowerGuy	When all pesticides fail, you buy a freaking laser to protect your precious flowers
Muap!	Muap - let your friends bring the good music to you.
Zombie Goddess	True console class 3D action games with best graphics!
uWave	A texting, Twitter-enabled, YouTube-playing microwave.
HiYou	Remember people from events
Rainbow Stream	Twitter,Python,CLI
127.0.0.1 Team	Vietnamese real estate in the easy way
SocialCamera!	Take a photo, and share your feelings on Facebook. Social Camera is an excellent companion everywhere.
Control Oculus Rift with DrumPants	Wear sensors in your shoes and walk-in-place to move your character in virtual reality!
Interactive Markdown	Make code on the web come alive
Cocoon Cam	Wearless Smart Baby Monitor
Coreloop	Collaborative Realtime Location-based Shopping
TestVersal	Make quizzes even more interesting
Paktour	#tourbookpak
Where's The School Bus?	Parent's Peace of Mind
Issuebook!!	Serve yourself by serving others! :)
Le Bon Bon	Awaken the inner mouse in you. Save your grandma from dying by bringing lots of desserts!
Growth Plot - Project 8	A web application that allows parents to track infant & child growth data for personal record or to share with doctor
AVA	AI Travel Agent
Golden Ticket	Share the gift of entertainment..in a digital age
Oy App	Oy: A Drupal 7 + PhoneGap mobile app for learning about oysters at restaurants around you
Ikaros VR	‘The 360 degrees inflight virtual reality travel experience’
Snapdoc	Snap a document. Pick a destination. Your text file is now on #dropbox #cloudpower #snapdoc
KFC Dates	Hot lunch dates at your favorite fast food restaurant!
Produck Hunt	Duck Hunt + iPhone + Product Hunt
Insight for DonorsChoose	An app to help teachers understand the best way to get their projects funded.
The Ampersand All-day Brunch Club presents: the Endest of Days	Two players, acting as awakened malevolent gods, attempt to destroy each other by shaping and reshaping the world
Etch2	The next generation sketching device
MyoPong	Pong with the Myo
SecureMi	Reinventing the lockscreen
LiveLIFE	Support groups to share and care!
Kushi	Happiness, is discovering the world through fun challenges.
lucyd	Our app allows busy people to read an article based on how much time they have.
CapCalc	CAPture the chance to show off
Karaoke Roulette	An app to practice your karaoke skills. Displays lyrics on screen while you sing!
Emergency Phone Numbers	Emergency Phone Numbers for over 250 countries & territories!
BizMem	Empowering business travelers with useful and actionable data
AssistMe	An arsenal of bots at your fingertips...
Cornhole	Virtual Cornhole in the HTC Vive
Laser Projector	Laser Pi
Invest1k	An algorithmic, cloud based investment advisory app
Text2Map	Get directions without a data plan
Chota Ustaad	A Technology based Community platform for Students to come together and Help each other with their academic problems.
Awaaz	Empowering the deaf by educating sign language to normal and special people
Touch+	Experience the Invisible
fabric-brush	Crayon is a canvas brush based on an awesome framework Fabric.js
SpoilFoil	A light chrome extension to block spoilers non-intrusively before they wreck your favorite show
Saga	Saga helps companies build forever lasting memories from everyday moments.
Impact of Trees on Localized Weather	We quantify the impact of trees on local temperature and humidity.
Chorebot	Make chores fun and interactive!
Bike!	An application that looks and works like your clasic cycle computer.
roboteyes	Roboteyes is a blind persons personal assistant
Qoyn	Share without Borders: Send and Receive Holograms and Bitcoins
BeLeaguer	A bot to play league for you. No more AFK
SOSme	an easy to use app that makes you feel safe, security services at one touch away
BroadbandTV - Pokethon	Fun and simple pokemon battle inspired by the classic game
Local Host	User-friendly web and mobile application to search, explore, and update local farmers' markets in Hawaii
IttyBit-yProgrammingCommittee	A one stop shop for voters!
ANDE (Aspen Network of Development Entrepreneurs)	Developing world in different sectors
The Support Cooperative	Companies share support information between themselves to improve the support experience for everyone
inFlightX	We provide better In flight experience which targets the individual customer rather than as a whole
Undecided	Can't decide? We can do it for you!
CampusFlow	Find your perfect study space on campus.
OCCC Kipa	Plain and simple corrections visit scheduling system.
Bus Crush	Bus Driving Arcade Game For Mobile/PC: Ludum Dare 33
Eagle Chat Online	Eagle Chat Online resolves your customers' questions during sales calls in real-time.
Find Missing People	Help find missing people by checking your photo repositories
Hinder	Find yourself a home within your means with the Tinder of home buying app and survive the Housing Bubble Crash!
E-Cycle	Lose the Trash Get Some Cash
MojiChat	See your friends' real reactions to photos you send.
Halo	Halo is an emergency home management system
Lantern	Helping the blind see, one beacon at a time.
EasyP	We are making flying more comfortable by managing the lavatory queue virtually from the inflight entertainment system
Doctor Watson	5.5 billion people have limited or no access to medical treatment. We provide easy medical diagnosis for everyone.
Web Slinging	Want to know what it's like to web sling like spiderman?  You can in VR
AnonymEyes	Let citizens easily and anonymously record incidents to enable emergency responders and promote accountability
Sort.tech	A trash can that auto-segregates trash
HackEyes	A robot controlled by air gesture and VR
Run2	Wearable app for runners to run with their partner
Catan Companion	Increase your chances of winning in the boardgame Settler's of Catan with Catan Companion.
PetControl	PetControl enables you to keep an eye on your pet when you're away, and find it when it's lost using a new technique.
Pulse	Magnifying temperature gradients. (EVM)
HappyChat	Create real happiness using artificial intelligence, as you chat anonymously with friends.
4Women	A safer, reliable and easy commute option exclusively for women
SpeakEz	A realistic public speaking training simulator
Offlow - Go offline!	SMS based personal assistant along with secure offline payments using Ultrasonic waves.
Nemesis	A League of Legends application that assists players in choosing the best possible champion every game.
Breadcrumbs	A living diary
4x6 TaxiCab	Grand Taxi fixed !
SoundScape VR	Builds an immersive virtual-reality world out of a song with interactive elements that react uniquely to it.
Journey Book	Journey Book is a travel blog with CryptoPhoto where anyone can post a blog on their travel experience.
WatsonBot	A home automation solution for Discord chat service
DSI MediMR	MediMR is Mixed Reality application for Medicine
Jedi Maze Game	Move a ball through a maze without touching either, via Leap Motion.
.cycle	We bridge the gap between your menstrual cycle and your menstrual cycle resources.
Ekko eSports: VR Soccer	VR Mario soccer using Myo's to control the avatars + Amazon Alexa Esports + Synergistic integrations
FishDex: South Africa	South African Fish Identification, Info, and Keep Fish Eco Calculator with Web Monitor Integration Light CellphoneApp
Swear Jar	The world's first mobile electronic swear jar that uses social deviation and personal motivation to break a habit
Tag Along	Our app is a consolidated service for tourists to connect and enjoy the company of each other.
GT HP RGB LED	A low-cost, easily implementable, and adequately scalable solution for monitoring cooler products and exact quantity.
Spellar	Magic-themed game application that teaches English grammar to users who are learning English as a 2nd language.
PiggyPennies	We're helping you save with your friends for your next adventure.
Scenario Manager	Allows users to save different scenarios and restore them into spreadsheets at will
Meeka	The Bride's Best Friend: Personal Assistant-As-App
Pointly	The task manager that pays you back.
Time Traveling for Dummies	A comprehensive website to take care of all the pesky logistics of time travel.
Simple Stream	Unofficial and minimalist Twitch.tv client for Windows 10 device family.
CentRefuge	A text hotline that allows refugees on the ground in Greece to report on their needs for food, shelter and water.
10-Finger Guitar	Play guitar like a pianist. Use both hands and all your fingers (basic skills of playing a real guitar is required).
Ionic	Create a mobile app using Ionic
TRAPP3D	Escape the elevator.
Teach-U: VR	Music education has been limited to those who can afford instruments until now. Teach-U allows for hands-on learning.
127#drip	drip is a smart shower meter which is easy to install, simple to use, and helps you save water.
FishOps	Instant location-based regulation and weather information for fishers in the Philippines
FISHazam	Shazam For Fish Using Infrared Spectroscopy !
AQUA-MONITOR: automation for aquaculture	Automation for an aquaponics farming plant to grow produce year round over fish who eat the excess roots off.
Sonaspace: Community-Sourced Soundscape	Provides human understandable information about where annoying sounds come from so you can take action.
TrashyRat.club	The best events in NYC for filthy rodents to find love.
Don't Blow Up!	A social team game that skillfully blends frustration and co-operative shouting. Oh, and it's in space...
PetCupid in .NET Core + Typescript + React	Try something concrete using the new Microsoft stack without using Windows
Throw Player	Cross-platform media player that streams torrents among other things and turns your smartphone into a remote
LanguageClub	Language learning as a coop game, made social and efficient by matching you with native speakers.
StoriCode	Storyboard for API
Pissa Party	Better than a boring party, it's a pISSa party
Chroma Tone	physics simulator used as a music sequencer
Snap Battle	Snap Battle is where pictures fight. It's the best place for sharing and comparing snaps.
Visual Studio 2015 Extension For Red Hat OpenShift 3	Develop .net application within Visual Studio & deploy directly to Red Hat OpenShift Cloud without leaving your IDE
Intersect	Intersect creates social activities based on users' interests!
Idaho Think Tank	A new social platform for sharing ideas and finding out how much they're worth.
Quiz Me	Helping you study while you browse the net
MedicareMojo	ease of a consumer tax app with the power of legal cognition software
SpeakEasy	You'll love it
EventHype	Local events just got a lot more interesting!
WeLearn	Connect with students, manage your studies, build your future
ShopCompare	The shopping list app for the people.
Soundby	Keep Calm and Play the Sound
Sunscore	Creating a credit metric score for community solar subscribers to facilitate project financing.
Cubum	Outer Space Block Puzzle Experience
Kindling	A short VR Game based on a campfire and human connections.
Solipsist	Grid yourself into the spacetime: Minimalist Minecraft-like sandbox that is built on everchanging environment
Cave Defender	Set up and upgrade defenses to keep your mining operation safe from enemies
Shake	Mobile Device Multiplayer Hot Dog Derby Race Game
Webcam Emotion Analytics using MS Cognitive Service	Check you emotions with your webcam
CodexDelta	Buy what you see...Real Quick!.
Axiom Zen - mastermindUI	Interactive user interface created for playing the famous Mastermind game
Houston Sights	It generates dynamic tours based on the user's preferences explaining the history and information of each sight.
Dreamify	A social network to connect dreamers and inspire them to achieve their dreams.
Axiom Zen - Mastermind API	Axiom Zen - Mastermind Backend Implementation with a Front-end webapp to test it
TuxLife	Tux life, thug life
CropCart	Tackling the assymetry of information faced by small producers in developing countries with the World Food Programme.
Low Poly Safari	A virtual reality safari game for the Google Cardboard
AZMastermind-API	A Mastermind API
Culture FitT	A recruitment analysis tool that evaluates and highlights positive aspects of a person's online profile via Twitter.
GearTracks	Fishing Gear Tracking Monitoring & Recovery Framework
Smart Traffic	Genetic algorithm to increase traffic lights efficiency.
Relaudio	Ctrl-F for videos
Protecting Our Orangutan Habitat (POOH)	A web site to raise awareness to the impact of non-sustainable palm oil production on orangutan habitat.
Haptic Vision	Imagine if you could learn to see without your eyes and understand the world through touch.
CLIve, a serverless Slack bot for AWS	CLIve makes managing your AWS EC2 instances a doddle. He understands natural language, so no need to learn a new CLI!
MuSc	Combine multiple phones into a larger screen for the best video experience!
DragonFly	An eye in the sky in the world of forest fires.
SleepWell	Get reminders & motivation for more sleep. Employers save on healthcare costs & lost productivity.
Drone Augmented Reality with Leap Controls	Imagine exploring a blended world compromising virtual and real elements, and all at just a hand-wave away!
Dr.Cloud - Real-time Vitals Monitoring | Instant Diagnosis | Instant Medication Delivery	World class care in the comfort of your living room.
Where in the World is Flu-men Sandiego?	Visualizing the history of the flu across the country and predicting severity based on unemployment rate.
Sparkle Skirt	Moar Sparkles - Glittery goodness
Watch out for Suricata	Network Management and Monitoring
Project Green Light	Project Green Light is a social initialtive which helps people connect more easily using a simple lighting system.
FitFantasy	Fantasy sports meets real world fitness
Smart Beats	Smart Headphones that know you're listening and are listening for you
Watson over IP	In a phone call, the other side hears Watson talking ... and much more!
Project Relief and Recovery	An application to integrate data from multiple agencies to better provide services across the Continuum of Care.
Shaving Razor - Vintage Looks With Tomorrow's Smarts	A razor with a vintage craftsman look, and tomorrow’s smarts such as Bluetooth for personalized recommendations
Myotroller - EMG Based Controller	A remote control actuated via detecting electro-muscular control signals using EMG based signal detectors.
Aggregate	Data for a less stressful world
Kuwí	The first Mexican argoindustrial network focused in solving the problems of the Mexican agro
MoveIt!	Personalized fitness platform that promotes exercise through targeted recommendations and monetary incentives
DriveSafe	An app that responds your calls and texts so that you can drive safely
Almost Birdie	Mobile app to play putt putt with a sphero.
smarger	A smart charger where you can control the charge level!
fotolitic	Your personalized image tagging, search and analytics tool for Facebook images
Note Your Problem	A cognative approach to speech-to-text note taking for the inquisitive mind.
CardSlack	Never miss a special day again. Personal cards automatically delivered to you for the special people in your life.
StückList	Tired of not knowing what products are in your kitchen? Let us help!
Gear Office	Powerful app for office work including an Evernote client, a PDF, text file reader, and a clipboard reader.
Welcomr	Grindr integration for connecting displaced LGBTQ members.
HackFinder	Navigate to the world's top hackathons with your reimbursements.
Intellisurance	Visualization of Marketing Campaigns and demographic data for insurance companies
Chimerical	Efficient, low-cost, responsive and maintainable trauma analysis and treatment hardware.
FlexBest	Specialized heating activewear that targets specific body areas (joints, key muscles, etc.) with therapeutic heat.
Magic Studio	Simplifying the complex task of video editing through intuitive design and collaboration.
DUBMAPS	DUBMAPS is a unique data visualization tool to help people see what’s going on around campus and get engaged.
Innovation InSight	Help the visually impaired by object recognition and vibration feedback to direct the hand to an object of choice.
iBarcraft	Find Barcraft events near you easily!
Pop-out video player!	Watch ChallengePost hack videos while browsing the site
EscapeRoom	EscapeRoom explores new ways for the user to interact with the environment of a game using the eyes and two screens.
Chacy	Simple collaborative lists without logins
Yeezy Vision	Experience the world through the eyes of the 21st century's greatest artist.
iSpy	App for kids, where they can quickly take a snap of any object and know about it
Exploring ignorance in space and time	Where and when is data enough? A simple algorithm for fast implementations and comparable results.
ADDY	ADDY is a revolutionary fun way to advertise. It takes wishes of both the users and the companies into account.
Image Galleries for Confluence	Smarter Galleries for your Confluence
Salutem	Application that gives emergency services your exact location.
The Family Nexus mobile app	The Family Nexus Mobile app automatically plots life events from your family tree in an interactive Google Map!
claridrobe	Your wardrobe, reimagined for the future
Pi.Fighter	Pi.Fighter is a front-scrolling, 3rd person, 3D shoot'em up game in VR
CouchCoder	Syntax Highlighting and Online Compilation for Google Docs
tongueSpeak	Video Translation Service That Retains Original Audio Pattern
Hole in the Wall	Now anyone can embarrass themselves in the comfort of their own homes
Aha!	We are a platform to simplify the expansion of your practical skillsets through mentor based-learning.
U-SEEN-IT	An interactive multiplayer ClarifAI quiz+memory game experience.
Christ VR	The Jesus Christ Experience through Virtual Reality! Are you not Compelled?
Locatio	A revolutionary solution for shipment planning
Fidebox	Supercharge POS with Plug&Play NFC extension kit for customer identification & loyalty programs. No coding required.
Broomstick	A webapp for building facility management
busstop-junction	Here is Bus Stop
FeedMe	What do you want to eat? Find your perfect place. Pay it easly
Rauta Näyttö	Shop smart not hard
Chef Idea	Tell me what ingredients you have and I'll tell you what you can eat
EcoControl	EcoControl is a fully automated system for optimal control of lighting and power consumption in buildings. Awesome!
Sunintown: Rooftop Solar mapping of a city - New Delhi	Project demonstrates PV potential using GIS mapping for rooftops in Delhi & financial analysis of the system
Mentors 4 Me	This platform facilitates the collaboration between schools and community, mentors and disciples :)
Will I be late?	Predict train delays before you suffer them!
Met.ro: An Alternative Bus Ticketing Service	QR code, portable tickets on your phone, ensure ease of purchasing tickets, safety built-in
DETPM	The Detroit People Mover app, plus more
Rap Battle Alexa	Amazon echo's Alexa can spit fire—get ready to get roasted
Seasons of Life	Cycle seasons to change the world.
Drops	Drops is a message system based on geolocation where you can drop messages for others
HomePark	The system that allows people to park anywhere they want as easy as if they were home
Island Escape	Repair your rowboat and escape the mysterious island! For the Global Archiact Jam.
